["online classes and trying to better myself in my free time. perhaps a hours worth of a good book or a video game on a lazy sunday. making people laugh.","finding simplicity in complexity, and complexity in simplicity. the way i look. i am a six foot half asian, half caucasian mutt. it makes it tough not to notice me, and for me to blend in. books:","absurdistan, the republic, of mice and men (only book that made me want to cry), catcher in the rye, the prince.","shelter. duality and humorous things trying to find someone to hang out with. i am down for anything except a club. i am new to california and looking for someone to wisper my secrets to. you want to be swept off your feet!","or if you want to talk philosophy. asian, white\",75,-1,\"transportation 2012-06-28-20-30 south san francisco, california doesn&rsquo;t have kids, but might want them straight likes dogs and likes cats agnosticism and very serious about it m gemini sometimes english single\" 35,\"average mostly other often sometimes working on space camp i am a chef: this is what that means.","for what it's worth, i find myself reading more non-fiction than fiction. it's usually some kind of philosophy, art, or science text by silly authors such as ranciere, de certeau, bataille, baudrillard, butler, stein, arendt, nietzche, zizek, etc. i'll often throw in some weird new age or pop-psychology book in the mix as well. as for fiction, i enjoy what little i've read of eco, perec, wallace, bolao, dick, vonnegut, atwood, delilo, etc. when i was young, i was a rabid asimov reader.","directors i find myself drawn to are makavejev, kuchar, jodorowsky, herzog, hara, klein, waters, verhoeven, ackerman, hitchcock, lang, gorin, goddard, miike, ohbayashi, tarkovsky, sokurov, warhol, etc. but i also like a good amount of \"\"trashy\"\" stuff. too much to name.","i definitely enjoy the character development that happens in long form episodic television over the course of 10-100 episodes, which a 1-2hr movie usually can't compete with. some of my recent tv favorites are: breaking bad, the wire, dexter, true blood, the prisoner, lost, fringe.","a smattered sampling of the vast field of music i like and deejay: art ensemble, sun ra, evan parker, lil wayne, dj funk, mr. fingers, maurizio, rob hood, dan bell, james blake, nonesuch recordings, omar souleyman, ethiopiques, fela kuti, john cage, meredith monk, robert ashley, terry riley, yoko ono, merzbow, tom tom club, jit, juke, bounce, hyphy, snap, crunk, b'more, kuduro, pop, noise, jazz, techno, house, acid, new/no wave, (post)punk, etc.","a few of the famous art/dance/theater folk that might locate my sensibility: andy warhol, bruce nauman, yayoi kusama, louise bourgeois, tino sehgal, george kuchar, michel duchamp, marina abramovic, gelatin, carolee schneeman, gustav metzger, mike kelly, mike smith, andrea fraser, gordon matta-clark, jerzy grotowski, samuel beckett, antonin artaud, tadeusz kantor, anna halperin, merce cunningham, etc. i'm clearly leaving out a younger generation of contemporary artists, many of whom are friends.","local food regulars: sushi zone, chow, ppq, pagolac, lers ros, burma superstar, minako, shalimar, delfina pizza, rosamunde, arinells, suppenkuche, cha-ya, blue plate, golden era, etc. movement","humor  viewing. listening. dancing. talking. drinking. performing. when i was five years old, i was known as \"\"the boogerman\"\". you are bright, open, intense, silly, ironic, critical, caring, generous, looking for an exploration, rather than finding \"\"a match\"\" of some predetermined qualities.","i'm currently in a fabulous and open relationship, so you should be comfortable with that. \",68,-1,\" 2012-06-27-09-10 san francisco, california  straight has cats  m pisces but it doesn&rsquo;t matter no english, french, c++ available\" 23,\"thin vegetarian socially  working on college/university i work in a library and go to school. . . reading things written by old dead people playing synthesizers and organizing books according to the library of congress classification system socially awkward but i do my best bataille, celine, beckett. . .","vegetarian pho and coffee  cats and german philosophy   you feel so inclined. white\",71,20000,\"student 2012-06-28-14-22 berkeley, california doesn&rsquo;t want kids straight likes cats  m pisces no english, german (poorly) single\" 29,\"athletic  socially never graduated from college/university hey how's it going? currently vague on the profile i know, more to come soon. looking to meet new folks outside of my circle of friends. i'm pretty responsive on the reply tip, feel free to drop a line. cheers. work work work work + play creating imagery to look at:","http://stayruly.blogspot.com/ i smile a lot and my inquisitive nature music: bands, rappers, musicians","i'm a little oddball. i have a wild imagination; i like to think of the most improbable reasons people are doing things just for fun. i love to laugh and look for reasons to do so. occasionally this gets me in trouble because people think i'm laughing at them. sometimes i am, but more often i'm only laughing at myself.","i'm an entrepreneur (like everyone else in sf, it seems) and i love what i do. i enjoy parties and downtime in equal measure. intelligence really turns me on and i love people who can teach me new things. building awesome stuff. figuring out what's important. having adventures. looking for treasure. imagining random shit. laughing at aforementioned random shit. being goofy. articulating what i think and feel. convincing people i'm right. admitting when i'm wrong.","i'm also pretty good at helping people think through problems; my friends say i give good advice. and when i don't have a clue how to help, i will say: i give pretty good hug. i have a big smile. i also get asked if i'm wearing blue-coloured contacts (no). books: to kill a mockingbird, lord of the rings, 1984, the farseer trilogy.","music: the beatles, frank sinatra, john mayer, jason mraz, deadmau5, andrew bayer, everything on anjunadeep records, bach, satie.","movies: star wars, the godfather pt ii, 500 days of summer, napoleon dynamite, american beauty, lotr","food: thai, vietnamese, shanghai dumplings, pizza! like everyone else, i love my friends and family, and need hugs, human contact, water and sunshine. let's take that as given.","using my camera to extract sums of a whole and share my perspective with the world in hopes of opening up theirs","being amused by things most people would miss i am the last unicorn i like books. ones with pictures. reading them is great too. where do people find the time? i spend more time with other people not reading. i collect books. they sit neatly on my bookshelves.","love to laugh so i like to watch a fair amount of comedies- romantic, dark or otherwise. princess bride, pixar!, fear and loathing, caddyshack, thomas crown affair, the birdcage (\"\"chewing gum helps me think\"\"... \"\"sweetie, you're wasting your gum!\"\"), the big lebowski, star wars (don't judge)","i like historical fiction, murder mysteries, fantasy, utopian/dystopia, and, uh, the occasional romance book. just started the historian and trying to decide whether or not to read the hunger games... already saw battle royale and it was pretty cool, so i'd imagine that collin's version she ripped off has got to be fun to read.","can't get enough music. like it, love it, want some more of it. love to dance to it and to many peoples dismay, sing to it. pretty open to any kind, even country. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dghbozbsv18&amp;feature=bfa&amp;list=pl01a90d209abe1ed3&amp;lf=plpp_video sports/my softball glove","i'm easy going, practical and i don't have many hang ups. i appreciate life and try to live it to the fullest. i'm sober and have been for the past few years.","i love music and i play guitar. i like tons of different bands. i'm an artist and i love to paint/draw etc. and i love creative people.","i've got to say i'm not too big on internet dating. you cant really get an earnest impression of anyone from a few polished paragraphs. but we'll see, you never know. i have an apartment. i like to explore and check things out. i like good japanese and peruvian food. nothing beats good ceviche on a hot day. or a hot chai on a cold one.","i love music. it would be impossible to list everything i like because the list grows exponentially. i like george harrison or the clash. i like flight of the conchord's, old radiohead and elliott smith. djali zwan, x, the knitters, the kinks, john lennon, floyd, nina simone, the smiths, seu jorge, the sex pistols, immortal technique, al green, dead kennedy's, the beatles, cat stevens, nine inch nails, the dead, bob dylan etc.","ok....there's seven you should send a message and say hi. you can rock the bells white\",65,-1,\"student 2012-06-28-21-08 san mateo, california  straight likes dogs and likes cats atheism and laughing about it m cancer but it doesn&rsquo;t matter no english (fluently) single\" 35,\"average mostly anything socially   update: i'm seeing someone, so off the market :)","shows: community, parks&amp;rec., the office, 30 rock, modern family, misfits, archer, dexter, breaking bad, californication, true blood, six feet under, deadwood, firefly, life on mars, anything involving hilarious british people in awkward social situations...","music: stoner rock, hip-hop, folk, electronica, reggae, progressive metal, industrial, classical, essentially anything that either makes my body move or sparks my emotions or both. my two all-time favorite albums: paul simon's graceland and the beastie boys check your head.","food: is very important, it sets my little world on fire. i'm pretty deep into chinese, thai, indian, mexican, italian, french, japanese, russian, middle eastern, irish, vietnamese, german and korean food. i love the smells of food. i love to cook. i love to eat. i'm always willing to try something new, but i refuse to eat anything that's looking up at me from and/or moving around on the plate. family","reading snowboarding, food, women, goofy nerd stuff, architecture, music... having dinner and drinks with friends and/or working i used to wish for a jetpack when blowing out the candles on birthday cakes. now, i wish for an army of giant robots you are a complex woman with healthy self-esteem. you are intelligent and funny. you are a great kisser. you are talented artistically or musically. you wanna hang out, grab a meal somewhere delicious, have a drink or maybe just make out like we're starring in an eighties movie and modern english's i melt with you is playing in the background.","i'm also continually learning about myself. for example, i'm learning very recently that as a result of spending all my time growing up, in college, and for the last five years focusing on growing my \"\"deep relationship\"\" skills, i'm not as good as i previously thought at initializing friendships/relationships. i guess that isn't all a bad thing since the \"\"first impression\"\" thing only really happens once with each person. :)","as a result, i love my friends, i've got a lot of deep friendships, and know how much richer a friendship can get as it gets deeper.","i'm passionate about music, i play the guitar, write songs (less now than before), write plays (more now than before), want to learn french and asl, am pretty good for an amateur ballroom dancer, can do almost everything moderately well (seriously, no joke), love bright ties and shoes, am a jacket and jeans person, and absolutely love figuring out how people tick. i think i'm pretty cool and wish more people would be patient enough to take the time to see that.","every friend i've ever had say i'm nothing like anyone else. so i don't come off like anyone else. i'm my own person. and i'm proud of that. i'm currently the youngest member on an internal strategy team for a large bank. it may sound boring, but i'm a big fan of the opportunities it entails. i get to be exposed to really intelligent, deliberately organized people be purposeful in a high paced business environment. it's pretty awesome soaking up all their knowledge while contributing what i can.","i've also decided that people notice how i'm not what they expected. i find myself unpurposefully continually surprising people, and i think i like that. :) books = yes. avid reader.","moves = eternal sunshine, vanilla sky, stranger than fiction, garden state, lord of the rings, star wars (the classics), etc","music = brandi carlile, bon iver, band of horses, killers, etc -- i have a seriously wide range of musical tastes, not because i don't have taste but because i believe every genre has talented musicians","food = sushi, bbq, italian--i like trying things, but often find myself coming back to the same old, same old guitar - even if i don't play it all the time, i've got to have it as an available outlet","book - always reading--well, not as always as i used to, but still enough that i feel naked without a book in my bag","car - i really don't like being stuck at home--i don't mind being a homebody at times, but i don't like being forced to be","singing (though it doesn't stop me from belting songs out when i'm alone in my car). killing spiders and other creepy crawly things. reaching stuff on high shelves. pretty much all sports (i do like to attempt to snowboard though). parallel parking. well, i get the most compliments on my butt, so let's go with that. books:","my all-time favorite book is george orwell's 1984. close second is viktor frankl's man's search for meaning. i also have quite a collection of trashy romance novels.","the terminal. man on fire. catch me if you can. last holiday. kill bill (vol 1 &amp; 2) traffic. wall-e. the transporter (1 &amp; 2). i'm a huge sucker for christmas movies. and i absolutely cannot watch scary movies.","how i met your mother. dexter. house. desperate housewives. intervention. storage wars. pawn stars. law and order svu. most shows on food network. and my super embarrassing guilty pleasure show, teen mom.","i like and will listen to pretty much a little of everything, but i love country music and going to country concerts.","my favorite types of food are italian or mexican. i could eat pasta or burritos every single day and not get sick of it. i love cooking (or being cooked for) and trying out new recipes. i also love checking out new restaurants or happy hours. 1. my family","i'm starting a new life here in ca and really excited about it. i only knew one person in this area when i moved here, but i wasn't worried - i always make friends pretty quickly. in every city i've lived, i've made at least a few life-long friends. i'm definitely looking to do the same thing here.","i'm a very easy to get along with kind of person. i always try to avoid over-complication. i have no time for bullshit, and i would expect the same from anyone i'm close to and/or respect.","i'm very much into doing things outside and living a healthy/fit lifestyle. i'm really looking forward to doing some camping, backpacking, biking, etc in ca. i also really enjoy going out for a nice meal and some tasty cocktails or beer, or doing the music nightlife thing. i dj (drum n bass) from time to time, and i've already landed a few gigs in the bay area. i'm very much involved in dnb and other electronic genres, but i love live music just as much.","the big lebowski (and other cohen bros. films), aliens, the foot fist way, the dark crystal, labyrinth, most guy ritchie films, most idiocracy, firefly, master pancake theater (austin comedy troupe), mitch hedberg, kids in the hall.","as far as fiction, i mostly read geeky stuff like fantasy and sci-fi. i also like reading books and articles on programming, game development, music creation, cooking, travel/outdoor, etc.","i'm into a very wide variety of music, ranging from experimental, downtempo, metal, drum n bass, techno, breakbeat, indian, jazz, ambient / soundscape, ... i could go on for days on this subject","thai, sushi, cajun, indian, mediterranean, mexican, bbq, espresso, cocktails, sake, red/white wine (mostly red) (in no particular order)"," questioning ideas that have become widely adopted, but never intelligently discussed i just moved here and am still getting to know the area, so i'm always looking for something to do. anything involving music and/or beer is always a good start. i am in my 30's and still cannot grow a mustache. if i try, it comes out looking like a fischer price 'my first mustache' you want to help me assemble ikea stuff and/or help me decorate my new place.","you think we might connect or want to know more about me. white\",70,-1,\"entertainment / media 2012-06-29-16-08 oakland, california  straight likes dogs and likes cats  m pisces but it doesn&rsquo;t matter sometimes english (fluently), c++ (fluently), german (poorly), french (poorly) single\" 26,\"average  socially never working on college/university to sum myself in whole: i have adventurous tendencies with a somewhat vulgar flare (i hope you can take a joke-offensive or not).","i'm a constant seeker of discovering something new, whether it be a different restaurant, culture, or music (anything really). i tend to have an eclectic personality.","i volunteer and participate with a lot of activities with my community. i also tend to seek those who have a story, any story. i'm all ears! i want to learn from you, hear what you have to say, and relate it to my own personal experience.","i'm a bit of a nerd and like to watch the history, military, and discovery channel. something about militaristic strategies intrigue me.","i'm a bit of a tom boy, so i indulge in shooting guns, playing video games, and working out consistently. i also have the guilty pleasure of watching ridiculous comedy (family guy, curb your enthusiasm, it's always sunny ...just to name a few) i'm currently studying and majoring in criminal justice, and i will be graduating soon :) (i'm stoked!). i have something lined up in the future that is awaiting for me pending graduation (i'll tell you later).","i'm currently working on a difficult project with school, which has me discovering different perspectives of san francisco's tenderloin district. i'm chatting with homeless people, prostitutes, drug addicts, and so far 1 \"\"john\"\". intereresting to say the least. hmm...i know i can take a test rather well.;) ...ohh and i'm pretty good at playing tic-tac-toe by myself. i win all the time!","listening-people say that all the time, but i tend to think of this as somewhat a necessity. listening to another human being. tricky.","lots? the one skill i prize in: i'm really good at reasoning and rationally thinking. i find this to be extremely rare nowadays.","i'm really good at tinkering with things on the side, being that i crave discovery and self knowledge, so in a sense i'm good at figuring things out on my own. physically-i've been told my eyes. people usually like how i can turn a serious situation into something relaxing and fun. i tend to make shy people \"\"talk\"\" to me...but i keep hearing that's a plus. i'm much more of a movie goer. favorite actor: edward norton. favorite actress : rachel weise. favorite director: darren aronofsky . that should give you a pretty good idea of the type of movies i like.","i absolutely love to dance! nothing is a better stress reliever than hitting the dance floor with good company.","hands down though, my ultimate love affair with music is essentially classic rock. the scorpions are absolutely my favorite band because they bring a smile to my face every time i hear them. they were also the best concert i've ever attended.","best book i've read so far: the secrets of the fbi- by robert kessler. if you were obsessed watching the sopranos, i highly recommend this book!","favorite food? my taste for food is wide, however i can't deny my own culture ...so mexican food is probably what i like best. it always has that homely feeling to it. my cellphone","and you also thought ophelia was incredibly annoying when she ate those grapes from, \"\"pan's labyrinth\"\". hispanic / latin\",64,-1,\"banking / financial / real estate 2012-06-29-21-17 san francisco, california doesn&rsquo;t have kids straight   f aries and it&rsquo;s fun to think about no english single\" 31,\"average mostly vegetarian rarely never graduated from space camp some of my favorite things:","being in the central game-development technology hub, i'm taking advantage of the situation and am focusing a bit more on work &amp; career too. listening, connecting emotionally, analyzing tough engineering tasks, making people laugh, dancing boogie woogie, horseback riding, yoga, swimming, playing chess, and guitar hero, driving dynamically, driving gently, taking good photos, and listening to my intuition. cheerful, open, curious, direct, active, sporty, energetic. the art of happiness by dalai lama, how finding your passion changes everything, art of game design,","scent of a woman, lost in translation, beginners, i am love, closer, a good year, midnight in paris,","marcus miller, 3-11 porter, ludovico einaudi, vivaldi, handel, 30 seconds to mars, william elliot whitmore, hans zimmer, dire straits, bruce springsteen,","i've always said i would try anything once, so giving this a shot and see what happens.... i work for an international packaging design agency. really love my job and the places it's taken me. i'm very motivated about my career and i'd like to meet someone who feels the same.","outside of work, i enjoy exploring the city, movies, hiking, watching sports (march madness!!), the farmer's market, theme parties, reading suri's burn book, running, people watching, coconut-flavored things, dive bars, fancy bars, sundays in dolores park, wearing an apron while cooking, and long walks on the beach. laughing? someone once told me i was an ego-booster because i was the only one to laugh at their jokes...which i thought was kinda funny.   fam, friends, music, tacos, passport, nitrous oxide at the dentist where will my next trip be?","i like nature. you know like plants, sticks, stuff like that. if i like a girl, i'll do special things for her. like, i might wear a do-rag or maybe spray paint her car, little things. if i'm really crushin' on a girl, i'll light some incense, put on my fancy robe, and sing her kid rock songs while i cook us some hamburger helper.","i'm a bit clumsy, but i'm an expert at silly dancing. i grew up in a ghost town and i like living simply. i enjoy subtlety, creativity, nostalgia, and quaint old-fashioned things. i make mistakes, but i always try to do the right thing. i am not a rich man, but i've got a heart of gold.","movies: blade runner, a clockwork orange, the shining + schindler's list. i love classic movies. fav. genre: giallo.","don't really dig the television or have any shows i really watch right now, .... sooo, .... i'm into the venture bros, outer limits, other stuf, do like sum crazy 70's horror, .... and sum japanese revenge flicks right now, .... othere, ??","or more specifically, right now jamm'n to the flying lizards, soft cell, dome, glaxo babies, the homosexuals, sun city girls, nocturnal emissions, human flesh, sex gang children, bene geserrit, futurisk, conrad schnitzler, three six, gary wilson, goblin, legendary pink dots, morton subotnick, virgin prunes.... othere stuf,","i am currently work as a graphic designer focused on marketing and advertising. i graduated from the university of colorado at boulder class of '07. i am humble, energetic, willing, optimistic, honest and have a lot of gratitude. i live for today and in the moment and that is important to me. i believe in succcess without stepping on toes. i am positive and strive to be the best i can be.positivity and humor are key for me...laughter is my specialty.","i am looking to meet new friends and possibly something more. i have no expectations, but keep my eyes open for that special girl to see where it goes.","i consider myself to be a gentleman, but a child at heart with a lot of energy! i don't mean in an immature way, just a lot of fun and down to do anything. i was raised in a good family. i have been lucky enough to travel around the world and plan on keeping that up.","i enjoy japanese culture, oahu's beautiful oceans (north shore- waimea bay, pipeline, kailua, makapu, sandy's), music!!!, having my dog by my side, staying in and watching movies, dating sweethearts, my ipad and iphone, dining, traveling, snowboarding, fly fishing, camping, watching pro sports, aimlessly running around the city, watching movies in bed, taking you to the driving range, surfing with my older brother, cycling, going to shows in the city and going out with friends. always with my dog or spending time with family or out with friends."," i often take quick trips back and forth from ca to honolulu, hawaii to see my family and to relax. i always get a lot from every trip to the islands. i am spiritually grounded when i am there."," socializing and killin' those awkward silences, by not being judgemental. i naturally relate to a wide wide range of people no matter who you are or what type of background you come from. can relate to more people than most. i have been through so much in my life and feel everyone deserves to express who they are, even if it's not on the first try.","**i don't think i would enjoy my hobbies if i didn't feel i could perfect them** i am easy to talk to and am not judgmental. if your happy, then i won't think your a square if you throw in a bunch of !!!! :) ;) don't ever worry about what you wrote, how long it is or how you write it. i will break the awkward silences in person and you will feel as if we knew each other for years, no matter who you are or what you say...guaranteed. books:","6 japan and hawaii (traveling) about the importance to live for today in the moment. i don't worry about the future and believe everything happens for a reason. cliche as hell, but i just don't stress on things and realize everything falls into place. out with friends (sf)","in the near future i'm going to be working on helping my mom start a business in the field of her choosing and try to fit a semester working/studying in japan. school, especially when there is a bet involved. swimming, but not as good as i used to be. typing (90-100 wpm). getting lost. making a sweet breakfast. meeting new people. jedi mindtricking children. finding stuff for cheaps. making sneaky drinks. panicking near hobos. fixing stuff. putting stuff together. most importantly: travelling. is how hard it is to pin point my ethnicity. books -","so far, i've been a biologist, a science teacher, a traveler, an outdoor adventure guide, and a couple other things. i'll stay the teaching route for the moment while i figure out my path in to working on some kind of sustainability policy or work for ensuring accurate science education.","i'm a balance of things: intellectual and active and creative. i'll geek out over a scientific journal, then go do some work on a sculpture or painting. days need some active time: riding bikes, walking places, helping out friends or friends-of-friends with moving or fixing things (i genuinely love this; i need something useful to do with my hands). i stay in shape and care about being fit so i can be healthy and strong enough to do the things i like to do.","basically, i'm happy to be out here. it feels like there's so much to explore and i'd love to explore it with someone smart and energetic who's been here maybe over a year and can show me around. outdoorsy would be great, but it isn't a requirement for dating. be extremely passionate and driven about something you care about, that's all. settling into a new city, figuring out how bio and sustainability and education and urbanism and sculpture and travel are all going to intersect. :-)","maybe growing a beard. profusion of lazy-stubble this week. would i turn immediately into a hipster or is that only true if the beard is ironic? making stuff, thinking about stuff and doing stuff. laugh-milk-out-your-nose-funny banter. depends. i've been told my eyes (isn't this the part where i'm supposed to tell you they're \"\"piercing\"\" and that's supposed to be good?)","uh... if i've just come back from a camping trip, probably they notice that i'm scruffy and covered in dirt. don't worry, i clean up nice. books: 1491. omnivore's dilemma. the amazing adventures of kavalier and clay. the princess bride. the necessary revolution. dubliners. the phantom tollbooth. the anatomy coloring book. on the origin of species.","music: live shows! local bands to fall in love with. new stuff. old stuff. arcade fire. beatles. malajube. louis armstrong. decemberists. phoenix. spoon. bach.","food: healthy and only a little not healthy. pizza. blueberries. mexican. salvadoran. spicy asian. indian. mission tacos. i make a mean pasta sauce. and a real man can admit his addiction to milk and cookies. just sayin'. cities","creativity symbiosis. where to go this weekend. politics. where to travel someday. art. how to make the world better. work. what i can build out of recycled materials. power tools. the way the sky looks today. milk. why we can't get education right in this country. cookies. why animals in australia are so fascinatingly weird and whether this correlates to weirdness among australians. kissing. why we're messing up so badly on universal healthcare. news. why some people still don't realize how obvious -- and beautiful! -- evolution is. you.*","a warm sf night is one of my favorite things. it makes me feel like i've just stolen something from nature and gotten away with it","love to read, write and make music. i have to deliberately set time aside for the more quiet and thoughtful pursuits because these city lights can be...so shiny. i'm a social creature. i like being around people","it is difficult to get the news from poetry but people die miserably everyday for lack of what is found there - william carlos williams","i consider myself an \"\"actor\"\" but haven't done it for a while. i also performed in an improv troupe for several years. i've let that part of myself be taken over by the 9 to 5. i resolve to get it back","i enjoy fashion and aesthetics but they intimidate me like crazy. really i'm just on this site to find someone who can keep me from wearing holiday sweaters","mood lighting, johnny walker on the rocks and good company are all i want for my birthday. the day after, however, i want to pack a picnic and drive up the coast","i'm a mean tennis player, as in, i'm pretty good, not really mean i work for a youth development non profit as a human resources manager. i like my job and love the work we do but don't know if i want it to be my career. my next step is a masters in psychology  my use of profanity around children some favorite authors poets and playwrights are:","stephen dunn, milan kundera, tony hoagland, miranda july, cormac mccarthy, tom robbins, george bernard shaw, samual beckett, leonard cohen and anne lamott","leonard cohen, tom waits, bright eyes, pulp, radiohead, m ward, gillian welch, regina spektor, depeche mode, the national, okkervil river, ani difranco, the blow, cat power, elliott smith, atmosphere, jay z, johnny cash, modest mouse, jolie holland, feist, sole, smog, arcade fire, sage francis...","comics. i used to spend all my paper route money on the little bastards. not so much anymore but i still have a soft spot for people in tights. huge x-men and batman fan. when i was 12 years old michelle pfeiffer came along in that leather suite and catapulted me into manhood (whatever way you want to take that is probably correct)","anything vampire is also locked away in the box-o-shame. i love buffy the vampire slayer - actually, i kind of geek out on most of the stuff that joss whedon has done.","i love food, all food, but especially seafood. and i know i should say that i cook because people like it when you say that, but i don't much. someday though. friends","i like smart, funny, and strong woman. i have been called picky. i think its a consequence of being honest.","i'm a boston convert. i've been in sf for 3 years and have explored as much as i can, but theres plenty of more to do.","(4) use my time exactly how i want... travel, create more companies, invest or something i haven't thought of yet im a founding partner and product manager at a sf start-up. and i just moved into a home/office 30 seconds from the beach.","m-f: if i'm not working, i'm sleeping or out on the beach. if i have time, responding to people on okcupid","sat-sun: napa, trying out a new restaurant, beers with friends, comedy show, movie. and yeah, working making people laugh :)","or making an ass out of myself. sometimes they're one in the same. my eyes. they're very green. i love tv, i love movies, and i love to read.","i just finished the hunger games series and the tales of lisbeth salander and mikael blomkvist. an nlp introductory","favorite movies... a lot of them. limitless, there's something about mary, lucky number s7even, fight club, the social network, the hangover, crazy stupid love 1. great food","drinks in the city sometimes i'm still afraid of the dark. i've seen way too many scary movies if you like good conversation.","it may not end in a date, but we can find something to laugh about \",72,-1,\"science / tech / engineering 2012-06-27-23-16 san francisco, california doesn&rsquo;t have kids, but wants them straight likes dogs atheism m  no english single\" 38,\"average mostly anything socially never graduated from college/university much more to add, but this is a start...","i am a mixture of silliness and seriousness, but the most important thing to me is genuineness! i don't believe in always taking life seriously as there is much to laugh at in our daily rat race! i've been told by many that i have a very adaptable personality so i can mesh with many types of people... also that they find it's almost impossible to have a \"\"surface\"\" conversation with me.","i like to make things fun. \"\"bored\"\" is strictly prohibited from my vocabulary... i'm the type of girl who tries to make the best of every situation (even the frustrating ones).","i love everything from curling up on the couch to a movie... to staying out all night in vegas to camping/hiking in yosemite... to playing pool/darts in a dive-bar (nice bars are okay too)... to long drives with the top down... to relaxing days at an art museum, to nights out at concerts/plays/dancing... to sun shining down on me at the beach, on the deck at sam's in tiburon, anywhere near water.... and i absolutely love riding my bike....","i am very passionate about travel and am explorative enough to go by myself to other countries without reservations. i have a lot more ground to cover, but i've been to costa rica (4x), peru, chile, ecuador, jamaica, canada, mexico (shamefully been to cabo 7 times lol). i'd really love to go to brazil next, but it may be germany/france, since i have places to stay.  using spell check","finding humor, even in the worst of times i'm guessing my hair  my how this has changed throughout the years...","family/friends, music, clean underwear, a memory foam bed, love in my heart, the means to travel     white\",67,-1,\"computer / hardware / software 2012-05-25-00-04 san leandro, california doesn&rsquo;t have kids straight  christianity f libra no english single\" 20,\"average mostly vegetarian socially never working on college/university \"\"apparently,\"\" has become a new favorite word of mine, like \"\"perpendicular.\"\" it's fun to say don't you think? do you have any favorite words?","as naturally for myself, i'm laid back, ummm... witty, and uber sarcastic. i cannot really describe myself without the fear of sounding... vain. always been a happy chick and i tend to have a good time everywhere i go and i also tend to dance out of nowhere. it's my thang, ya dig? what comes after happiness? humor? sure, humor. it's a little dark, a little vulgar, and it involves making fun of myself and my friends. have you ever played \"\"your team?\"\"","i appreciate everything in life. my friends, my family, my co-workers, a blanket, nature, the city. psh! even those creepy crawlies!","i also say thank you a lot because i enjoy making others feel appreciated and important. it totally boosts their esteem up! it makes me happy!","hanging out with my friends, riding my bike around town, laughing, hugging, coming home with sand in hair, laying in the grass enjoying the sunlight.","cooking vegetarian cuisine and top ramen, piecing things together, being right, puzzles, being that one supportive friend, bantering with my best friend, making fun of my friends, sometimes knowing how to fix a computer, fitting in your pocket, being optimistic, taking bad pictures of you, loving everyone, not hating everyone, freaking out at cute animals like baby ducks. people start speaking to me in spanish and i respond in english.","fo' real, it's my hair then my height then my eyes then my lips on my face then my laid-back personality and positive energy. everything, yo. i really enjoy non-fiction stuff, for example, memories &amp; biographies. as well, fiction stuff, drama &amp; mystery. i'm not picky.","movies are tough becauuussee i don't watch them all that often. i'm serious. it takes major convincing to make me watch a movie. i pretty much like them all, even the cheesy kinds. except epic movie, that movie was fucking terrible.","shows: 30 rock, any 90s cartoon &amp; show, parks &amp; rec but i don't watch shows all that much either. i haven't watched tv in 4 years. i have netflix though.","music: obsessed with arcade fire (again), death from above, beirut, animal collective, boys noize, cocorosie, coldplay, spokane, daft punk, mstrkrft, justice, fever ray, crystal castles, fake blood, fleet foxes, friendly fires and anything 80s!","edit on mexican: i had a freakin' lengua super taco in the mission and it was delicious. that's probably the closet thing i'll ever like about mexican food. i can't choose. please don't let me choose... fine","my best friends, education, acai juice, watching my dog sleep, san francisco, my guilt for deep fried food.","then returning back to california and live in sf forever and having my best friend be my neighbor. it varies! i work on my friday nights but if there is something going then most likely i will suck it up and go to that event.","or just chilling out, watching a show or movie with my best friend. i turn 21 on july 1st. give me money and gifts. (jaykay)","i saw 2 of my former high school teachers on this site once. it was awkward. you wanna get guatemalan food with me in the mission.","i enjoy artistic, creative things and like going to museums and concerts. a big passion of mine is storytelling; i love movies, books, and tv that have good story and characters. discussing all these things is almost as much fun as consuming them. i make my humble contribution to visual storytelling through the occasional bit of animation, short film, and photography.","i'm a big do-it-yourselfer and like working with my hands; i would rather fix it myself than call someone to fix it....this usually doesn't end in disaster.","books: a wild sheep chase, the hitchhiker's guide to the galaxy, anathem, the amazing adventures of kavalier and clay, his dark materials, good omens","movies: big fish, 2001: a space odyssey, the princess bride, the royal tenenbaums, scott pilgrim vs. the world, the incredibles, dr. strangelove, star wars, almost famous, the city of lost children","music: the beatles, neutral milk hotel, the decemberists, radiohead, stars, arcade fire, edward sharpe &amp; the magnetic zeros, the black keys, iron &amp; wine, daft punk, broken social scene, the mountain goats, devotchka, beirut","food: sushi (especially unagi), great seafood of any kind really, indian food, brunch or any excuse to eat breakfast food outside of mornings, the puerto rican place near work, a good cold beer on a warm day...or a cool day...or at night. i don't think i have the expertise or discerning taste to call myself a foodie, but more just an amateur enjoyer of tasty things. family - i have a very supportive and close family that have been the most consistent thing in my life.","friends - i'm fortunate to have aquired a handful of strong friends throughout my life that i can count on for everything from talking me through a tough situation to keeping me from being bored on a saturday night.","music - i like to think i have a pretty deep music collection and love sharing music recommendations.","creative output - i tend to feel restless if i'm not keeping busy working on something or other: effects for a friend's short film, a sculpture, the wiring for those new kitchen lights.","the great outdoors - i've become very much a city boy in the years since i moved to sf, but i still need to get out in nature from time to time and camp, hike, swim, snowboard.","6. san francisco giants where i'm going to travel next...  i can't use forks that have prongs which aren't completely lined up. don't get me started on un-lined up pronged forks....gross!! you're awesome","i strive in my daily life to be relaxed and down-to-earth, but still adventurous... i try not to take the day-to-day of life too seriously. :-)","i don't watch tv really ever, but i grudginly admit there a couple shows out there that are pretty entertaining.","question: do people really read this section? i can't imagine judging someone based on a list of books and movies... love","hot and sour soup how to make the world a better place. and that usually starts with how do i develop in to a better person.","i'm entertaining the thought that i could come across someone just as equally rad, bodacious and fun who blows my mind and our exchange develops into something too good for words.","oakland made me, the east bay raised me, lived in vegas, the silicon valley catapulted my career, and now i am planting seeds in sf near(ish) my home in walnut creek.","i've learned enough of my mother's native lingo to find my way back to the beach and enough exotic languages to fall in love.","i'm visual, a soulful vocalist, a believer in exploring passions, positive action, and celebrating often. i know when to fold and when to raise. i set my own standard. i'm well-loved by my diverse family and friends. i have no enemies but time. entj. i love dancing and how sexy you look in a fedora and dark shades. i love me some super high heels just as much as my daisy dukes and rugged boots when i rough it with my dogs. i love to explore. so pack yer bags darlin, or keep one next to mine in the trunk.","\"\"i, with a deeper instinct, choose a man who compels my strength, who does not doubt my courage or my toughness, who does not believe me naive or innocent, who has the courage to treat me like a woman.\"\"","business woman. family woman. musician. fun. doing what i please, very well. compassion. cooking. stiff drinks. design. planning. relaxing. packing. communicating. presentation. intuition. being the fun auntie with nieces/nephews. entertaining dinner parties. presence. books: reading is sexy. yes. many. everyday.","tunes: santigold, muse, black keys, sinatra, slayer, zeppelin, hendrix, crash kings, shakira, flamenco, bossa nova, temper trap, phantogram, jack johnson, phoenix, kimbra, ray lamontagne, thievery corporation, this can go on forever....","coloring outside of the lines tu fuego. tu beso. su encanto. enjoying it. any day can be a friday. i enjoy drinking brut champagne in the shower.","laughter and chemistry both rock my world. wit and charm are a part of my daily repertoire, so bring it.","\"\"it is a happy talent to know how to play. being able to play with those you love is possibly the sweetest gift life offers.\"\" - ralph waldo emerson","+points if you actually read my profile. \",63,-1,\"entertainment / media 2012-06-29-17-20 walnut creek, california  straight   f libra  english single\" 35,\"fit  socially  graduated from college/university i love life!","i just moved to the bay area in february, i don't know anyone here. this is your chance - you can pretend to be the coolest kid in town and i won't know any better but to believe you!","born to lead the armies of darkness to ruinous victory. gifted with a vast range of abilities for achieving that destiny. cursed by the forces of good to be crippled by ethics, honesty, and compassion. the usual story - good triumphs over evil, foiled again, blah blah blah.","i can read and write my name, and i have a job and a home and a car and my teeth and i can use an oscilloscope and i can shower myself!","by day, i'm a mild-mannered designer in an office. by evening, an inventor, artist, and adventurer. by night, a competition dancer and jet-setter to fun and glamour.","someone else's summary of me: \"\"he is not only hot as hell, but he is the gayest straight man in the world - he has good taste, knows how to decorate, has a real sense of style\"\".","clearly she completely failed to notice my impressive aura of menace and seductive evil radiating across the land. actually, no-one seems to notice it. i think my aura might be broken.","a friend i met on this site just called me \"\"a rare gem in the wasteland of okstupid\"\". i hope there is a gem around here somewhere for me! i like books &amp; movies &amp; music, just like you!","random fact: i was bitten by a (presumably) radioactive insect, exploring the exclusion zone at chernobyl. any day now i'll discover my super-powers. any day...","i get lower auto insurance premiums than you - despite being male and having a (very) fast car. how is that fair? well, there's a trick to it...","(1) oragenics is an experimental version of the bacteria that causes tooth decay, but engineered to out-compete (and thus kill) the normal strain, while at the same time, not creating tooth decay. in theory, the new strain should stop decay for the rest of your life.","i also spend some effort trying to make the world a better place, caring for the environment, conserving energy, thinking about politics and animal rights (including human rights), and, by","writing open source software that anybody is invited to use, share, and improve. more about that on my website: http://inglorion.net/","i'm always looking forward to making new friends and having fun together. if you're up for that, too, don't hesitate to send me a message!","(note: i've started over answering the match questions. this will take a while.) i write software for fun and profit. i complain about what's wrong with the world, and think about making things better. i like to think am good at communicating, making friends, understanding people, making people feel appreciated, making them smile when they are feeling down, sharing my happiness, and physical displays of affection and love.","it hasn't always been this way, but i've worked to develop these skills, and i think it's paid off. i wear funny t-shirts (they have funny and/or insightful quotes and/or images on them). that's what people used to notice, but i haven't heard that in a while. nowadays, people mostly notice i have a beard. maybe i should shave it so people will look at the rest of me again?","food: i like most of the food i've tasted in my life. i also like to cook, sometimes, especially for someone special. i love asian (especially thai and chinese) food. i don't like liver, mamaliga, yoghurt, and probably a couple of other things. happiness, fun, friends, hugs, fresh air, and the internet","i care (and thus think) about fairness, the environment, animal rights, and programming languages.","1. because they involve other people. unless i know they are ok with it, i try not to bandy about things that they would rather keep private.","2. because i want to keep it for later. for example, i am not going to tell you what is in your present until you've opened it.","as for all the weird and wonderful things i haven't told you yet...if you are interested, send me a message and start discovering! :-d you should message me if...well, if you feel like it, really. there is no reason not to, really, unless you're really not interested in me at all. i love to get messages from people. :-d"," i checked out your profile, but didn't write you a message. this probably means i intended to write to you, but lacked the time or was too tired. working full-time makes me that way. :-("," you found something on my profile that you would like to talk about. for example, an interest we have in common, or something you agree or disagree with."," you thought of a reason that you think should be listed here, but isn't. \",76,-1,\"computer / hardware / software 2012-06-29-22-56 menlo park, california doesn&rsquo;t have kids straight likes cats agnosticism m  no english (fluently), dutch (fluently), lisp (fluently), spanish (okay), german (okay) single\" 35,\"athletic strictly anything   graduated from college/university -i grew up in new york and san diego half and half and root for the knicks, mets, and jets, and when they're not around cheat with the padres and chargers.","i try to laugh as much as possible, which is easy because my friends are smart and funny (to me at least).","usually i try not to start successive sentences with i, so if you want to recommend some edits feel free.","in college i majored in history, which is only useful for jeopardy and context (i've been consistently getting dumber since).","sometimes when i punch in the url for this site the auto-fill takes me to okayplayer.com and i end up with free music instead.","thin-slicing once at a party a self confessed psychic told me my aura is \"\"seafoam green\"\". hopefully that.  **how bout rather not and why limit to six**","a good pair of sneakers   this is plenty -you're graceful, grounded, sharp, kind, insightful, humble, consistent, light-weight weird, considerate, resourceful (pick four)","you're light on your feet and wanna go on some adventures in my, your, or some other great city black, white\",72,-1,\" 2012-06-30-00-01 oakland, california doesn&rsquo;t have kids, but wants them straight  agnosticism m pisces no english single\" 30,\"average strictly anything often sometimes graduated from masters program i'm an optimist with a healthy sense of impending doom, an artist and traveler who's also jazzed about my soul sucking office job in squaresville (emeryville).","...aaand i'm going to finish this later. being this clever takes a lot out of me, and also makes me hate myself. until then here's a joke:","omlettes  books: world war z, cat's cradle/galapagos/other vonnegut, everything bad is good for you, guns germs and steel, the lone ranger and tonto fistfight in heaven/other sherman alexie, shanatram, the road/anything post-apocalyptic","tv: breaking bad, archer, parks &amp; rec, boardwalk empire, dexter, the walking dead, tim and eric (anyone?)","i have complete confidence in myself to succeed at whatever i do, yet i'm often terrified of failure/letting others down.","but when they took the time to get to know they figured out that i'm actually a very caring, entertaining, giving, honest, loyal, patient, playful, open, and stimulating companion. of course others love me at first sight and never stop. so maybe you should just see for yourself.","i am clever, creative, and complicated spending a lot of time building things. a business, a house, and lots of other little things. trying to make the world a better place in small but perceptible ways. meeting new people, spending time with friends, looking for new adventures. my latest adventure is that i bought a house that most people would consider uninhabitable, but i'm moving in anyway. now if i could only find time to work on it. designing and making things","coping with chaos i've never figured out the answer to this question. it really depends on who the other person is and what i'm doing when they meet me. books: almost anything by vonnegut or steinbeck, recently enjoyed reading dave eggers' s.w.o.h.g., a few murakami books, 100 years of solitude, time traveller's wife, the art of happiness, world according to garp, tibetan book of living and dying","movies: (an incomplete sampling in no particular order) fight club, jacob's ladder, ferris bueller, fish called wanda, true romance, blazing saddles, cool hand luke, donnie darko, amores perros, y tu mama tambien, harold &amp; kumar, shawshank redemption, altered states, baraka, my neighbor totoro","music: (roughly in order) electronica, indie, 80s new wave &amp; alternative, breaks, old school hip-hop, bhangra remixes, some house, jazz, classical, classic rock sometimes","my favorite restaurants are generally indian, sushi, thai, mexican and pizza. i'm always ready to try something new. ignoring the obvious (air, water, food, shelter, etc)","sometimes at home designing/building, at dinner with friends, out dancing, on my way to the mountains, playing games or cards with friends, out on a date, eating pie and reading, watching a movie i have no secrets i won't tell you, but you have to ask the right questions","(caveat: i won't tell you other people's secrets, only my own) ...you're still reading. at least say hello.","you never want to stop expanding your mind, learn a new skill, a new language, read about new things, and try them. you are a dreamer and a doer.","you are an adventure seeker. and you find them wherever you go. sometimes the small ones like the impromptu bonfire on the beach or exploring an abandoned building, sometimes the big ones like taking off to travel for a few months. life excites you and always will. this world is an amazing place and although it's too big for anyone to see in entirely, you're excited to try. you're looking for someone like me who shares that energy, that curiosity, that lust for life that burns inside you, because adventures are often more fun when shared with others.","you live your life out of the mainstream, but not averse to jumping in every now and then to see what the rest of the kids are doing. you think about everything from morality to the nature of reality and have your own views on topics instead of blindly following social conventions.","you are beautiful inside and out. not in the stuart smalley \"\"i'm good enough and i'm smart enough and gosh darnit, people like me\"\" way. you know from the depth of your being that you are an amazing individual and you're looking for someone who can appreciate everything you are. you probably still worry sometimes about what people think of you, but that's only because you surround yourself with other intelligent, creative, interesting, physically fit people like yourself. who doesn't occasionally get intimidated in that company?","you appreciate the physical beauty of the human body. you are a very sensual being. human touch is very important. hugs, kisses, massage, and sex. people skirt around the topic of sex all the time, but lets face it, sex is a very important aspect of a relationship for someone like you or me and there's no point wasting our time in a situation where the sex is less than phenominal. i'm excited to hear about your turn-ons and fantasies.","money is not really an issue for you - not because you're obscenely rich, that's not really important. i just mean that you have no trouble making the life you want for yourself. you appreciate that we are a very gifted, fortunate people to live as we do.","you love to keep in shape by doing things, as opposed to just going to the gym for an hour a day. mt biking, rock climbing, surfing, kite surfing, running, hiking, snowshoeing, telemark, snowboarding, road biking, swimming, tai chi, qigong, and yoga all sound interesting to you even though you haven't tried them all yet. maybe you won't even like all of them, but at least you're excited to give them all a try.","you are not a serial monogomist. you are independent and comfortable being alone. it's fun to date and meet new people, but you're not going to settle for anything less than you deserve. ultimately you crave a relationship you can commit to for the rest of your life. you are looking for a loving relationship based on good communication and trust.","as far as movies go i love a good ghost story, b horror, weird sci fi, and mysteries and i'll be there opening day for anything by george romero, sam raimi, and quentin tarantino.","lately i've been enjoying going to music festivals especially lightning in a bottle. there's nothing like camping getting all decked out and dancing your ass off with a bunch of people there for the same reasons.","my musical tastes have done a 180 over the last few years. where i used to go for metal i now find myself really enjoying trip-hop and more of an electronic sound though i really have diverse tastes. rjd2, explosions in the sky, gogol bordello, the black keys, tool, beats antique, pretty lights, balkan beat box...","i yelp everywhere i go. i enjoy trying new food; supporting the local hole in the wall places to the michelin starred restaurants.","my favorite meal is breakfast because i love bacon! followed by brunch- which is a close second because of bottomless mimosas.","i like people watching. i love hearing different languages although i only speak two, english and tagalog. i'd say three but it takes me too long to put sentences together in spanish. i understand a good deal of it though.","i want to travel the world someday. i've only been to a few countries and i want to add pins on a map of places i've been to.","the music in the bay runs through my veins. bay area slaps, hyphy music, i'm just out here gigging tryna function. you don't need tell me when to go because i'm in the buildin'... in all seriousness though i enjoy the local music because like the song says- \"\"when you get the chance to sit it out or dance...\"\" i choose dance! message me if you want to go dancing some time.","this also means i'm addicted to guilty pleasures like: americas best dance crew, so you think you can dance, as well as many other tv shows.","anyways i'm rambling on. it's hard to summarize oneself. if you want to know more read on or just ask i suppose.","cheers! climbing the ranks of the non-profit sector. pioneering educational reform. giving back to the community.  my smile. books: the giving tree, time travelers wife, hunger games","music: rap, hiphop, r&amp;b, slow jams, music my parents listened to during the long car rides when i was younger (beatles, eagles, abba, carpenters, ccr... )","*some people don't like having a song stuck in their head, but i don't mind. i always have a song or a beat to keep me moving.","i usually split my time between austin and portland, but i like to travel all around the dang place. being feisty, rocket science, biochemistry, astrology (j/k), dancin around naked, loving life.","oh, and i make comedy shorts for youtube now. music videos to... blow...your...minds. scrawling things on paper, making stupid stupid web pages. daydreaming about food, travel and sex...yeah i said it...traipsing around most always scantly clad cause it's better that way!","i free-styled and sang the lyrics too...yep, that's my real german voice. should i go out for american idol or eurovision or both? hahahahhahaha i said eurovison. my big beautiful lips that will never need collagen injections. i'm hilarious &amp; have been told by several idiots that i'm too smart to be a woman. big tits, big brain. if you got it, flaunt it!","where are all the sexy, funny, confident gals at? seriously. music: philip glass, sonic youth, rebecca black, david bowie","shows: metalocalypse, toddlers &amp; tiaras, tim &amp; eric, my strange addiction, supersize vs. superskinny","food: koriente, via 313, homeslice, pho van, lick, 888, uchi, bar chi (austin), pok pok, screen door (portland) vegetables (though i love meat more...i think...)","music (come on) making things,making things,making things,making things,making things,making things,making things,making things,making things,making things................................................. kickin' in the front seat","which seat can i take? wow, ok...let's see...i've had sex with 5 big time celebrities. i'm legally bound by contracts that their names shall be stricken from my lips.","this question is mentally challenged if you dare to think you can make me laugh. nothing's more important than a sense of humor...and big d...imples.","i like getting messages with your opinion on my video. this is the second video i have ever made. i'm very new to this. ^_^ therefore i really like hearing your thoughts on my work. go easy but yes....tell me your thoughts, i am open. dupid link below!","please click the big green vote now button that is key and it takes 2 sexs, no signups, no dumb shit...just a click...i'm just sayin.","also i like hearing about strange okcupid encounters...am i the only person who meets a lot of people off this site? it's fun...annnnnnnnnnnnnnnd \",67,1000000,\"artistic / musical / writer 2012-06-30-00-01 san francisco, california doesn&rsquo;t have kids bisexual   f  no english (fluently), belarusan, gujarati, lisp, russian (fluently) single\" 26,\"athletic mostly anything socially never graduated from college/university      concerts","outdoors     white\",66,-1,\"science / tech / engineering 2012-06-28-07-59 belmont, california doesn&rsquo;t have kids straight likes dogs and likes cats other but not too serious about it f taurus but it doesn&rsquo;t matter no english (fluently), spanish (okay) single\" 33,\"fit  often sometimes graduated from college/university i'm going to start right off breaking into song.","http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cja69c6slrk i'm a go-getter, but i'm also a world class relaxer. i'm happy living in the woods, and happy working in the city as a digital artist.","also that i am cool :) this is a funny section, because these things won't matter much if we really click. if i really like you, i will probably find it endearing that you like things i don't. who knows, we may even broaden each others horizons.","twin peaks. deadwood. breaking bad. mad men. secrets from a stylist. modern family. the colbert report.","-camera obscura. you want to go on a date with a bay area local who loves to eat, drink, be active, and merry.","please feel free to send me a little note. i know you are amazing, and i look forward to learning all about you.","i'm not looking for games or ridiculous drama. i'm a pretty straight forward guy that values honesty and good communication. when i find the right person, i'm very devoted and sincere -- and i hope to find the same in a partner.","as for who i am, i enjoy anything from various physical activities to zoning out in front of a good movie, to exploring some previously unexplored land -- or just an unexplored road. i like cooking or baking when i have someone to share that with, and really i'm up for trying most new things.","i value intelligence and insightful conversation. i love when i meet someone who is passionate about a subject i know little about. i'm happy debating almost anything even if it means playing devil's advocate. critical thought and logic are a big part of how i've grown up and defined myself and my beliefs.","and then, of course, i also need to be able to let my guard down and have fun making bad jokes or indulging in some offhand sarcasm. to be able to let the little kid out who is fascinated poking around in tide pools and also amused by the jelly bean dispenser that \"\"poops\"\" the candy ... that's what keeps life fun and beautiful.","last think i have to say is, along with not caring for games, i have no need for conventions and am very open minded. feel free to contact me if i simply haven't managed to notice you yet, if you're so inclined. it's flattering and a big plus in my book when someone can admit what they're intrigued by.","alex i'm working on tech specialist within the legal sector. it's strange work that not many people know or even care exists. however, it's something i seem to have a knack for and my coworkers appreciate what i can do, so it keeps things rewarding. eventually i'd like to keep moving more toward software development, but all that in due time. i love trying to understand new problems and devise solutions. this is entirely why i ended up in my career.","tend to be very loyal, loving, and honest and expect the same from friends/family/bf in this regard, i've been let down a few times but not yet tainted.","i'm an engineer in the medical device industry, so basically i'm a big nerd.but an undetectable one, so no white socks and black dress shoes here! focusing on my career and trying to spend more time traveling and seeing the world.","although in no urgent rush, i'm also looking to find someone that is right for me to perhaps settle down with, maybe buy a spare farm house on the side, and chickens and whatnot, lol....would love a loyal, intelligent, fit and attractive guy to date...but who wouldn't, right? a lot!!! you tell me! instead, here are some of my favorite things in general:","elephants, people who manage to be confident w/o being arrogant, seeing my mom, ka, coastal drives, dark chocolate, yosemite, madonna concerts, aussie accents, chocolate souffl, pandora, great dreams, ambition and success, muscles, mcqueen, good coffee, waterfalls, mt. rainer family","...and i'm keeping the last one to myself! i have a very wild imagination, so....  not really \"\"private\"\" but most find it a bit odd....","i like kiwis (kiwifruit). i eat them all the time with the fuzzy brown skin on! you liked what you read and saw and think we would be a good match.","i also love the outdoors and going on adventures; rock climbing, snowboarding, hiking, kayaking... you name it.","i also started to keep bees in backyard and it really is a fascinating hobby. and i get to have delicious local honey too :) i am in school right now to learn more about how to do business in the us. i trained as a pastry chef back home and now my main goal is to open a pastry shop in san francisco so i am just doing what needs to be done to achieve that goal. cooking/baking","seeing the good side of things i guess physically it would be my eyes, but then if i just say a word my accents is giving me away! i just can't get rid of it :) books: the wind up bird chronicle, guns germs and steel, on the road, kundera's...","movies: jules et jim, the lives of others, city of god, into the wild, waltz with bashir, almodovar's, in the mood for love.","music: beirut, federico aubele, the xx, manu chao, gotan project, thievery corporation, feist, the whitest boy alive, the black keys...","which country am i going to next?  i think reading is sexy. you want to go on adventures, eat well and have good conversations. white\",71,-1,\"student 2012-06-29-17-24 berkeley, california  straight  atheism and laughing about it m sagittarius no english (fluently), french (fluently), spanish (poorly) single\" 21,\"thin  socially  working on college/university i grew up in iowa. it gets a bad rap, but let me be the first to tell youiowa is way cooler than you think. after iowa i went to school in pittsburgh. now i'm spending the summer in san francisco and living in soma.","i'm the did you know guy: i'm always researching and analyzing. if i know a friend is working on a project i'll send them relevant ideas and articles i come across. however, my intellectual prowess doesn't permeate to all aspects of my life. my friends make fun of me for being an absent-minded-professor type. give me hard problem and i'll excel, but moving out of my apartment? it might as well be rocket science. eek, there's always room for improvement!","i love the sound of plane tires touching down in a country i've never visited. japan is next on my list, though i'd visit germany or london again in a heartbeat.","there's a more intuitive side to my life, too. recently i've been enthusiastically exploring buddhism and meditation, paying attention to the spaces in between things. the more i learn the less i know. it's so refreshing to be awash in the mystery of the universe.","style is important to me. i'm all for expression through clothing but draw the line at pajamas as outerwear. i get it, they're comfortable, but ya know... just saying. by day i'm an artist and computer scientist working at the intersection of the two fields. i love working as an artist because it gives me the freedom to experience things i wouldn't otherwise encounter.","my most recent project involved writing software for orangutans at the pittsburgh zoo (seriously.) the project was fascinating, but i'm still struggling to write something that holds their attention as well as angry birds. getting lost (in a good way,) telling stories, listening to people, and analyzing things. though i'm still learning, i enjoy cooking.  books","if you've read brothers karamazov we need to talk. i'm determined to discuss it with someone since it seems no one else has finished it.","i like bad movies. favorites: the room, cube, and gymkata.","mad men is my current obsession. also, man do i miss 90s nickelodeon. it's better than bad, it's good.","i live on npr: kcrw, this american life, radiolab, the moth. i do a decent diane rehm impersonation too.","brian eno is my desert island soundtrack. i've recently been really into 1960s french pop. check out this great mix by fujiya &amp; miyagi. attempting to avoid clichhow can i do this without listing my iphone?","i secretly aspire to be a documentary filmmaker. i love to listen to people talk about their lives and be swept up in their stories. out in the city with a small group of friends. big groups are fun, but unwieldy. i prefer to hang with a few close friends. you'll find me in the self help section of the bookstore. i am a six-year getting things done productivity skills black-belt who keeps a very well organized filing system...single ladies. * you have a favorite npr personality","the awakening of intelligence, one hundred years of solitude, the stranger, the unbearable likeness of being, meditations of marcus aurelius, on the road, edgar allan poe, pablo neruda.","the dreamers, irreversible, city of god, city of lost children, delicatessen, 2046, 8 and a half, snatch, trainspotting, the princess bride, harold and maude, vertigo, 12 monkeys, the killing fields.","muse, roger sanchez, dieselboy, pearl jam, led zeppelin, radiohead, beck, kings of leon, css, ingrid michaelson, buena vista social club, sublime, my morning jacket...","you are defined by more than what you do with your life. my collection of friends are serious in their careers but know how to have fun too. i don't have many expectations but this would definitely be one of them.","hey, not looking for perfect because it doesn't exist. just the whole maybe we're different, maybe lots of imperfections, but maybe perfect for you know?? i'm a support engineer and have recently been promoted. so really looking forward to some upcoming big changes. just finished my a.a. for computer science! c/o 2011 haha. eventually get my b.s. in software engineering, that's somewhere. we'll see.","i do a lot of mission work so into meeting new people and being in a place i don't know anyone or understand a word they're saying because it's not english. lots of hand motions! (heheh) guess you'll have to see and find out.  fave movie of all time: \"\"hook\"\" by steven spielberg.","think and grow rich, the 21 irrefutable laws of leadership, life of mary: as seen by the mystics (weird mix)","fave food: japanese food! mom's home cooking. god/family, friends, food/water/sleep/clothes/roof-over-my-head.","...how to make the impossible possible! sometimes working. sometimes in the city. sometimes mission work. sometimes chillen at home. sometimes doing something somewhere!  ...you have an open-mind.","love all kinds of electronic music, but especially house music. i'm big fan of old school hip hop too.","i watch a ton of movies- zombie movies are always good for a laugh or chill.... others like- donnie darko, requiem for a dream, momento, the shinning, blade runner, easy rider, 25th hour, eternal sunshine of the spotless mind, lots of good flicks out there.....","why am i the only one singing when riding my bike around the mission? i'm a scientist of sorts, doing some interesting things at a startup downtown. i love it, ask about it if you like. signal processing - machine learning - vision - data (all sizes) talking, if you get me on the right subject.","coming up with terrible-joke paper titles (that we then actually use in publication). i am a coffee nerd.","locally brewing/drinking four barrel - ritual - verve - de la paz - wrecking ball (when i can get my hands on it)","i typically prefer to brew out of a sock (well, no, not that kind of sock). food: i'm not a strict vegetarian but i don't eat mammals. i love bread so i bake it (there is usually some pte fermente hiding in my fridge). a foodie.","from bauhaus to our house, anything by philip roth, the information (at least for its historical content), hayek, orwell's 'politics and the english language.'","tom waits, radiohead, grizzly bear, beck, cafe tacuba, dr. dog, neutral milk hotel, sigur ros, &amp; 90s alternative (pumpkins, etc.).","30 rock, parks&amp;rec, the league, community, southpark, peep show (the britcom :/ ), madmen, portlandia, colbert, a few competition shows, e.g., top chef.","i do like movies but never remember which. surely anything by the coen brothers. lately i've been having a lot more respect for nicolas cage (see here: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xp1-oquwol8). wikipedia","lately i've been thinking a lot about what kinds of fun features i can build into our product at work. baking challah, then usually out with friends. if you've never tried it, avocado is an optimal pairing for challah.","i like beer bars like toronado/sycamore/beer revolution/the trappist, local bars like shotwells/evelyn, and any cocktail place that does it right, you know, like its 1890 (e.g., the hideout/15 romolo/alembic).","really though, why wait for friday? any night of the week can be good for going out or doing something interesting at home with friends. soapbox party? i watch sytycd. you want to","or a bike adventure around the city! white\",68,-1,\"science / tech / engineering 2012-06-29-09-47 san francisco, california doesn&rsquo;t have kids straight  judaism but not too serious about it m  no english, spanish (poorly) single\" 22,\"athletic mostly anything rarely never working on college/university it will be way too boring to just reveal yourself in plain text..,,i guess it will be more interesting if we discover each other in person ,,plus im wary of online profiles... work+school making bad jokes and being sarcastic  i like christopher nolan movies,,,and amelie cetaphil face wash","friends my life goals and a career   just say hi..i dont bite asian\",65,20000,\"education / academia 2012-06-30-00-02 san jose, california  straight  buddhism and laughing about it m virgo but it doesn&rsquo;t matter no english (fluently) single\" 30,\"thin  rarely sometimes working on college/university above all else i am, and always have been, a good girl.","it's beyond conventional definitions of being good; it's being real, whole and more than anything else being present.","it's more than simply \"\"being\"\" good; it is rather being available as you really are, never someone you're trying to be.","food: i am a healthy eater naturally. i really try to avoid franchise or chain restaurants at all costs - simply because i find them horribly impersonal and they give me flashbacks of my many days as a serving robot. i love to find the mom &amp; pops type small restaurants that serve large portions of food i can neither pronounce or recreate at home. these are nearly extinct in silicon valley so i generally choose to cook at home and love the atmosphere it creates. good friends, a bottle of wine, music, laughter and hot food sizzling on the stove is my idea of a perfect friday evening. love","choosing my battles wisely and not letting my principles get in the way of opportunities and ultimately success.","\"\"courage has roots. she sleeps on a futon on the floor and lives close to the ground. courage looks you straight in the eye. she is not impressed with power trippers, and she knows first aid. courage is not afraid to weep, and she is not afraid to pray, even when she is not sure who she is praying to. when courage walks, it is clear that she has made the journey from loneliness to solitude. the people who told me she is stern were not lying; they just forgot to mention that she is also kind.\"\"","6. (guess) i rarely think, it's over-rated ; ) the answer to each moment must be yes. i am an open book, i do not like secrets. if i am down with your eyes, the way you move and speak, i will most likely tell you anything you care to know about me.","compelled. middle eastern, other\",69,-1,\"medicine / health 2012-05-09-16-41 palo alto, california doesn&rsquo;t want kids bisexual likes dogs and likes cats other and very serious about it f virgo sometimes english (fluently) single\" 29,\"thin  socially sometimes working on masters program i think i may be one of those twentysomethings you read about in the new york times who took so much longer than their parents did to get their lives together. thankfully, things have progressed magnificently in the last couple years, and i'm proud to say that i again feel cool enough for online dating.","i'm in a master's program for counseling psychology and am entering my second year of clinical training, which means i am actually being entrusted with the emotional well-being of strangers. it is astonishing, profound, peculiar, transformational work that i find deeply gratifying. but don't worry: i've retained my taste for the absurd, and eventually do tire of talking about feelings.","because everything sounds better in list-form, the following are some arbitrarily chosen facts about myself:","(2) in my off-hours i read, exercise, converse, study, garden, meditate, do arty things, and plan lots of projects that i only sometimes start and almost never finish.","(4) in people, i like a precise mix of church giggles and smoldering contemplation; my friends, failing to achieve the impossible, tend to gravitate dramatically toward one extreme or the other.","(11) i can never seem to stand up straight, but when i do: watch out. my height has been described by some as \"\"gangly\"\" and others as \"\"elven\"\", which to me are two very different things. i have also been told i resemble a \"\"bundle of sticks.\"\"","(12) my best friend once told me that if i turned out to be a figment of her imagination she wouldn't be surprised, which we agreed was both an enormous compliment and a colossal insult.","(13) my pet peeves include people who make noise in movie theaters, a lopsided pasta/sauce ratio, and those who take a really long time in single-occupancy public restrooms even though they know others are waiting because the door handle has jiggled like seven times. also, i think people who feel they're too good to bag their own groceries are disgusting.","films i like: children of men, the hours, adaptation, you me &amp; everyone we know, labyrinth, hedwig and the angry inch, amelie, harold &amp; maude, contact, lost in translation, aliens, all about eve, romy &amp; michelle's high school reunion, i heart huckabees, the blair witch project, the first two x-men movies, donnie darko, fight club, mean girls, the diving bell and the butterfly, the family stone, angels in america, lord of the rings trilogy","literature i like: a brief history of nearly everything, letters to a young poet, the rebel angels, infinite jest, the handmaid's tale, the hitchhiker's guide to the galaxy, pale fire, going after cacciato, where the wild things are, still life with woodpecker, middlesex, the house of the spirits, steppenwolf","i am a hopeless romantic. somewhere along the way i became jaded and cynical. i do crave the perfection of the romantic ideal, but i have come to accept that people aren't perfect, and entering a situation with expectations leaves no room for personality.","i will update one of these days.... for now, just working and enjoying my life post-college. i plan on saving the world one day, or at the very least playing a god in the lab.  my smile, or that's the first thing that gets comments anyway. books: clockwork orange, catch 22, lotr, 1984, and the disc world series.","comic books: fables, unwritten, lucifer. a few others too, but those are the ones i've fallen in love with.","movies: iron man, serenity, independence day, 300, a knights tale, good will hunting, finding forester, silence of the lambs, and i'm sure i could go on listing movies forever. in no real order...","human interactions and the art &amp; science of people watching. stories i want to write, paradigms i want to experience. what is there not to think about? often working a party. lights, sound, managing gear, or maybe, just maybe, if its a special evening, shooting photography.  you can make me laugh or turn me on.","i'm a bay area native, and i have massive pride in this place for its awesome food, weather, diversity, and politics. writing, performing/composing music, watching nbc comedies and random films on netflix, eating hella much, reading, trying to stay fit, and spending quality time with my friends and fam.","and working for money too, on a freelance basis. whistling, writing, doing three-point turns, creating &amp; decoding acronyms, and coming up with motivational games. well, that depends more on you than on me. what say? books - some recently appreciated ones are: is everyone hanging out without me? (and other concerns) by mindy kaling, the hunger games by suzanne collins (only read the first one so far), immortality by milan kundera, and tuff by paul beatty. i also like anything by david sedaris and oscar wilde.","movies - bill &amp; ted's excellent adventure, kuch kuch hota hai, big man japan, and most fluffy rom-com type things, even though their weak sauce female characters and gender politics in general piss me off. other recent things i've seen and enjoyed on netflix: viva cuba, tie me up! tie me down!, and today's special","shows - the office, parks &amp; rec, modern family, how i met your mother, gossip girl, anthony bourdain's no reservations","some favorite movies are amadeus, shakespeare in love, heat, last of the moicans, kill bill, shawshank redemption, star wars iv-vi, dances with wolves.","i'm posi-core, queer and poly. i'm currently in an open relationship. this site doesn't have check-boxes for these things yet. i work with youth and really love getting to know them and watch them grow into themselves. this takes up a lot of my time. i am also reading, cooking, going to shows, going to the y, going dancing, looking for animals, and laughing with my friends. -language","poker face (seriously, i have none of this) we took a poll- the glitter is pretty eye-catching, as is my big hair. friendly laughter, smile, foot tattoos, and cleavage were also mentioned. i love my friends. books! there are so many good ones! in no particular order, i love:","i also enjoy movies, and nature videos. david attenbourough is my hero. chopped is the best tv show.","music is amazing. i love going to punk and metal shows. i sing along to my favorite songs in the car.","professional student for most my life, i'm pretty good at it now. the details are boring, but i should get a fancy degree one of these days.","importantly, i have a cat allergy. sorry cat ladies, but you make me sneeze. i research cancer, with a lab coat and pipettes and a computer. i also spend a lot of time climbing rocks and playing or watching baseball. i like to think i'm gearing up for a career investigating cancer cases that occur on top of rocks or in baseball parks. cornhole. it's a game, played with clothes on and everything, i promise.  books: vonnegut, palahniuk, (clever and angry) rothfuss, grrm (scifi/fantasy), neil stephenson for weird cyber-punk.","movies: anything by kubrick or ridley scott. fiery action featuring bruce willis or steven segal, b-horror, and most everything by disney/pixar. oh and movies where nic cage has magic powers.","shows: the simpsons pretty much defined my sense of humor. lately i'm into trailer park boys, archer, and yelling at sportscenter.","music: the roots, lil wayne, (hip hop), rush, yes (prog rock), children of bodom, stratovarius (power metal), major lazer, man man (just plain awesome).","and fun how to make cereal/get to work/mow the lawn/whatever in a better way. i'm a sucker for efficiency. either out n about, or watching movies. as a child, my mother told me, \"\"never get a tattoo. if you're ever being chased by the government, they'll use it to identify you.\"\"","i have no tattoos. you like to dance but hate going to the club, if you can throw a ball, or if you can quote mr burns. if you're honest and open, if you're a card shark, or if you've got a story to tell. white\",72,-1,\" 2012-06-28-22-08 berkeley, california doesn&rsquo;t have kids, but might want them straight likes dogs agnosticism m capricorn but it doesn&rsquo;t matter no english single\" 25,\"curvy  socially never working on college/university i'm pretty sure all the questions below this one summarize me better then i can. here goes nothing.","i am a semi-typical 20-something. just finishing up college and wondering what comes next. looking forward to life outside of school with determination but also trepidation. i would love nothing more than to move back to sf, where i stayed for three years when i started college (2005).","i like to just walk. i mean that, just walk wherever in no particular direction with no destination in mind and i'll do it until my feet have blisters the size of quarters.","i work at the craft center on campus at ucd, sometimes. i love to craft. i know how to make glass beads and pendants, i can screen print a t-shirt, sculpt with clay, paint, and draw.","i have intentions of learning alot of things, including but not limited to: sewing my own clothes, welding and blacksmithing, fire dancing, how to walk on stilts, aerial silks, and ballroom dancing.","movies: pride &amp; prejudice, serenity (firefly), benny &amp; joon, the breakfast club, marie antoinette, paprika, howl's moving castle, spirited away, snatch, the boondock saints, zerophilia, the princess bride... as i think of more i will expand on this.","music: the decemberists, tegan &amp; sara, moby, muse, yeah yeah yeah's, iron &amp; wine, garbage, nine inch nails, nirvana, hole, flogging molly, amanda palmer (dresdendolls, evelynevelyn), pink floyd, the beatles, ok go, placebo, red hot chilipeppers... and more.","i think about what it will be like when i finally figure out what this is all about. at a concert or the movies, or sitting in front of the computer, occasionally i'm in a car driving 100 mph with friends and stealing mcdonald's garbage can lids just to move them into phone booths! :) generally wreaking havoc. that i spend way too much time on the internet. i take 40 minute showers sometimes. i'm a nerd. it's hard for me to fall out of love. i need people. if you're interested in talking to me.","movies: the american president, dirty rotten scoundrels, memento, wedding crashers, gladiator, maria full of grace, the shawshank redemption, fight club, empire of the sun, silence of the lambs, se7en, the usual suspects, lock stock and two smoking barrels, good will hunting, the last emperor, the goonies","shows: arrested development, top chef, happy endings, modern family, 30 rock, himym, project runway, homeland, deadliest catch, weeds, downton abbey, house, most british comedies humor","though i enjoy my forays into the castro, i don't like to play by or to the stereotypes of 'the scene'. a focus on other interests is more interesting, as gay professionals (/academics) rather than professional gays. authenticity and straightforwardness are attractive; role-stereotypes aren't (including the need to be 'straight-acting'). just be.","as for movies, i think film can be an awesome medium for ideas and emotions. i tend to prefer dramas carrying some meaning, typically without the canned happy endings. i like things that provide food for thought, rather than clean and prefabricated conclusions: nowhere in africa, the lives of others, we don't live here anymore, the hours, before sunset, the talented mr. ripley, doubt, the time that remains, elizabeth, the reader. of course, i like political thrillers as well: the hunt for red october, the contender, the bourne trilogy, etc.","in the last ten years i've not had a tv more often than not, and i appreciated the greater freedom it allowed me. i feel better watching or listening to news shows like the news hour or morning edition or all things considered. still, i like to be entertained: i love watching the bundesliga or champions league matches, giants games, the west wing, will &amp; grace and ncis.","as for music, the full gamut: from hip hop/rap to r&amp;b to jazz/bluegrass to rock to classical/choral/opera, etc. weezer, the postal service, jason mraz, the offspring, miles davis, keith jarrett, nickel creek, nina simone, dvorak, brahms, mahler, vivaldi, verdi.","cheers, todd white\",69,-1,\" 2012-06-29-14-02 san francisco, california  gay likes dogs and likes cats atheism m  no english, german (fluently), spanish (okay) single\" 34,\"fit anything socially never graduated from masters program i moved to sf ~7 months ago, and so far i'm really liking it, but i'm looking to grow my circle of friends and hitting it off with a cute girl along the way is even better.","my latest interest is rock climbing. i've been going 3x/week to planet granite and having a blast. so perhaps a good way to meet if you als climb is just to be tr belay partners.","i'm originally from the chicago area, which is still where my very small family lives, but for the last 8 years enjoying the beaches, mountains and deserts in san diego.","i'm an adventurer by heart, and always seeking something out of the ordinary, to challenge me, to spark my imagination, or simply surprise me when i'm least expecting it. my ideal girl would do the same.","i've traveled to many places in the world, but there's still a ton left for me to see, and a major goal is to find a girl that shares this travel bug with me. at some point in the next few years, i'd love to quit my job to travel for ~1yr with a girl i love, and then return to the normal us life/career, with both our lives enriched. isn't this the million dollar question...","relax with a book, hang with friends or something misc the rest of the time solving problems, whatever life throws at me, such as navigating and choosing the right path when there's a split in the road, or simply making a new path when neither is good","humming along to songs, since i can't remember lyrics and i'm somewhat tone deaf my blue eyes, and that i look rather young for my age (sometimes people think i'm in my mid-20s), hence why i set my match's upper age bound to my age, since experience says that girls look someone older.","easy to start a conversation with, and enjoys a playful debate, but occasionally gets tongue twisted adventure and scifi books","you live within 30mins assuming traffic, as i'd prefer to get into a relationship where its not a burden to see each other on weekdays.","i'm into technology, particularly mobile, which is the industry i work in. it's a long story as to how i got here, but it's where i want to be and i actually don't hate my job. i tweet and facebook. and read tech blogs like engadget and gigaom to keep up with the current goings on with the latest gadgets. but, i also read magazines like juxtapoz, big up, etc. because i love them and for the way it offsets the techier stuff in my line up.","when it comes to friends, i'm super loyal and i think respect is important. bad communication in any relationship, friendship or otherwise is the kiss of death in my opinion, and a personal pet peeve of mine. i like to be as up front as possible in most situations...even if that's not what the person wants to hear.","things i &lt;3. traveling, learning languages, hand-knit goods, mixed tapes, diptyque candles, architecture, good investments, creativity, ink, intelligent speculation, kindred souls, scorpios, animal rescue and rehabilitation, paths less traveled, documentaries, acoustic guitars, the beach, thunderstorms, cozy coffee shops, positivity, underdogs, survivors, deviation from the norm, any type of gadgetry esp mobile technology, boxee, twitter, etsy!, trader joes, interactive media, innovation, imported cars, ancient civilizations, good teachers","i am optimistic, quirky, and fun-loving being in the moment as much as possible...taking my time to really internalize this, and all these amazing moments.","iteratively refining my life goals. i've found that life is a process, and i'm definitely still working towards lots of things. coming up with really good ideas","ok, vietnamese gets the award for being most frequented in 2010, but also eat japanese, mediterranean, italian, indian, ethiopian, american, korean often. i like well implemented fusion (ie not just slapping 2 generes of food on the same plate and calling it fusion). i'm always down to try something new, in fact i generally prefer it. ;) friendship","favorite music: pretty eclectic. mostly rock and alternative, but also jazz, blues, some folk, electronica if it has a good melody going. favorite artists: ani difranco, alice in chains, fiona apple, coltrane, garbage, dethklok, infected mushroom, aphex twin, mingus, le tigre, beck, massive attack, blue oyster cult, the knife, joan osbourne, crystal method, aesop rock, sneaker pimps, kelly joe phelps, ladytron, elastica, spinal tap, portishead, cardigans, cranberries, miles davis, soundgarden, metric, the bird and the bee","favorite tv shows:arrested developement, the shield, robot chicken, cowboy bebop, metalocalypse, aqua teen hunger force, scrubs, futurama, battlestar galactica, daria, fullmetal alchemist, house m.d., burn notice, dexter, ncis, bones, always sunny in philadelphia, psych, 30 rock","favorite movies:tank girl, chunking express, pi, naked lunch, run lola run, in the mouth of madness, mirrormask, dark city, labyrinth, eraserhead, fear and loathing in las vegas, perfumed nightmare, the big lebowski, it's kind of a funny story, pulp fiction, amelie, city of lost children, fight club, 12 monkeys, harold and kumar, waking life, blade runner, trainspotting, six-string samurai, hudsucker proxy, pan's labyrinth, mad max: beyond thunderdome, ju-on, anything by david cronenberg  what makes people tick","how i'd fix the world if i were in charge  i haven't actually gotten less shy over the years, i've just gotten better at faking it. you think outside the box, color outside the lines, break the mold, and perform other metaphorical activities beyond their hypothetical limiting parameters","you eat animal crackers by biting the legs off first so they can't get away. white\",68,-1,\" 2012-04-21-22-07 palo alto, california  straight likes cats atheism but not too serious about it m scorpio and it&rsquo;s fun to think about no english (fluently), spanish (okay), portuguese (poorly) single\" 40,\"fit anything socially  college/university welcome to my profile, your search is now over.","mcsweeney's.net cracks me up pretty regularly,","and i'm a sucker for cover songs (i was at an iron &amp; wine concert, they covered wild horses and i kinda melted.)","i also enjoyed watching jack ass, watched it with my friend and it was hillarious, but then i saw some of it by myself and i hated it (just goes to show that who you're with changes everything).","the muppets made a big impression on me as a kid, i love those guys in the balcony, i love animal!!!, but my favorite is the swedish chef --&gt; smrg di brg!!!","and probably rot my brain with reality tv (i'm glad i can't) i have these luxuries and i really appreciate them:"," my city bike --- it's so liberating to be able to get anywhere in san francisco on my bike in less time than muni could get me there and for free ... and it keeps me fit and energized to ride everywhere i go."," the vast expanse of wild places around the bay area to hike and mountain bike (we are so lucky!). the only bad thing about these is if you sit home on a weekend you really have to feel guilty for not going someplace amazing.","love activities, planning mountain bike rides.","food---i like to eat well, i enjoy cooking healthy food and i appreciate artfully prepared food very much.","adopting a greyhound ..even though i enjoy not having the responsibility right now.","art and things i want to paint packing for an adventure, out with friends or having friends over for a feast. (this space intentionally left blank) you want to.","* if you were my friend, you would set yourself up with me. \",66,-1,\" 2012-06-06-21-05 san francisco, california  straight likes dogs and likes cats  f taurus no english (fluently), spanish (okay) single\" 27,\"a little extra mostly anything often never graduated from college/university i'm an introvert who sometimes leads an extrovert's life. i like going out and getting crazy over some karaoke and liquor as much as the next person, but sometimes my couch and my xbox are my bffs.","i've been living in the bay area for about eight years, and i haven't been able to get myself to leave. i moved to san francisco about a year ago, and so far, so good. working 10-6, making my apartment look lived in, cooking more, exercising more, and basically trying to lead a healthier life than i did during my first year in sf.","tv: lots of dramadies. i am a woman, after all. things may not fall into that category include battlestar galactica, friday night lights, breaking bad, and the boondocks.","food: pizza, tacos, burritos, sushi, ramen, iced tea, mint juleps, sazeracs. i'm not really picky and will try pretty much anything.","i am impulsive, resourceful, and overly optimistic i'm currently working on an animated motion picture for disney. math... does that count? i'm good at guitar, i'm even better at soccer. i'm also really good at assigning nicknames that tend to stick. i have incredible skill/luck when it comes to bowling and i'm terrible at guitar hero. i'm rarely serious, unless it's seriously funny... books: i hope they serve beer in hell, death by black hole","movies: dumb and dumber, zoolander, beautiful girls","music: weezer(pinkerton era), oldies, copeland to name a few.","rain if i was an awesome, beautiful girl, where would i be? friday is probably the least typical day for me.","i've lead a pretty remarkable life, i've earned a lot of awesome opportunities that i've taken advantage of. moving around the country since my family moved to the us helped me learn to seek out opportunities and taught me to be able to put myself out there.","i like to go to the park and just read. i love to travel! i'm an outdoors person; i like bouldering, being in the water (not the frigid ocean though), snowboarding, soccer, hiking, bike riding and just touring the city. i'm exploring the world, making sure it's still round.","i'm currently earning another degree and living life as it comes. i'm exploring the city and am always trying to learn more.","i'm looking for an opportunity to stand up against domestic violence. in the past i've always done the walk a mile in her shoes. now i'm in sf...i'd like to find a new one. cooking, making my own recipes. (vegetarian mexican pumpkin enchiladas, pasta salad, sweet potato lentil loaf; just to name a few)","i'm a great conversationalist, i know a lot about a lot of things...which also helps out for trivia nights. the bright blue eyes and the dimples books! abraham lincoln vampire hunter, david cross i drink for a reason, a thousand splendid suns, hunger games, freakonomics, soccernomics, alchemist, all quiet on the western front, animal farm, playing for pizza and eating animals.","shows, not really a tv guy but i'll zonk out from time to time. i love wait wait and this american life. ira glass and carl kassel are two of my heroes. one day carl will be the voice on my answering machine.","music- i'm more of an all around music fan. the smiths, mumford, vampire, selah sue, papa, xx, paperboy, discovery, april smith, kyteman, alamo racetrack, teddybears, george clinton, atmosphere, sublime, bob...so much more!","food!!! eff yeah i love food; indian, italian, mexican, thai, vietnamese, you name it! i keep a mostly vegetarian diet with the occasional mission burrito. i'm a connoisseur of sf burritos. my passport","sunshine possibilities; what adventure awaits me on the horizon... out on the town either bar hopping, checking out a show or doing something johnnyfuncheap suggested. perhaps attending a couchsurfing event. there are a large percentage of women that i match up with on here higher than 90%. you like scavenger hunts","you have a dog! hispanic / latin, white\",69,-1,\"computer / hardware / software 2012-06-29-22-43 san francisco, california doesn&rsquo;t have kids straight likes dogs  m leo no english (fluently), spanish (okay) single\" 29,\"fit mostly anything socially sometimes graduated from college/university my names josh, and i create art for a living. i work as a conceptual artist at a north beach studio. in my spare time i like to play music, adventure around the city, check out music, or just hang out ","home. i prefer meeting people in real life, but i'm not opposed to meeting new friends from the internets..","hit me up if you'd like to know more about me :) living it everything i honestly couldn't say.... -books: anything joseph campbell - osho - terry brooks - ancient greek mythology/philosophy- \"\"the tao of physics\"\"(currently) - c.bukowski, foucault, and other post modernists - william s. burroughs - the futurist manifesto ( no seriously - i read it every now and then) much more.....","music: - 90's techno - darkwave - metal - bluegrass - punk rock - ambient - rock n roll - dubstep/glitchstep - classic alternative","food: things that don't make me vomit ;) or that are not poisonous invalid question the world out. no you're curious. white\",67,40000,\"artistic / musical / writer 2012-05-28-15-18 san francisco, california doesn&rsquo;t want kids straight likes dogs and likes cats agnosticism and very serious about it m libra no english (fluently) single\" 25,\"athletic mostly anything socially  graduated from college/university i'm new to sf from boston and thought this might be a good way to meet some new people.","while i am always down to meet new friends, i know what i want in a girl, and i don't want to waste your time.","you enjoy ordering something different everytime you go out to a restaurant, and speaking of restaurants, offering to split the check on the first date tells a lot more about a person than someone who assumes its taken care of, even though i will never let you do that.","if you can ski or snowboard and know what state jackson hole is in you pretty much beat everyone out. i'll date a non skier but don;t expect me to hang out with you on a powder day.","my mother taught me how to cook, which she is great at, i will at some point make you cook with me. its ok if you don't know how. its not ok if you don't try.","when you sing \"\"hey soul sister\"\" you are pulling a \"\"train\"\" on me. i do not want to have a \"\"train\"\" pulled on me.","big sur, death valley, guilin, guyana, hollister, hong kong, horse heaven hills, iceland, king's canyon, las vegas, lassen, macau, mexico city, mono lake, oaxaca, nova scotia, red mountain, sequoia, trinidad, yosemite, your mom's house","entertaining myself. falling down. telling jokes. cooking. diplomacy. conversating on a wide variety of subjects. scrabble. wandering. wearing short pants (i don't know why i put this in here, i am not at all good at wearing short pants)","being a robot. people don't really notice me. i always blend into the background. when they do notice me, they say \"\"wow, i didn't notice you there!\"\". so, i guess the first thing people notice about me is that they don't notice me.","wrap your head around that one. my favorite book of all time is \"\"frog eats toad's poisonous unborn children, gets sick and dies (but frog's younger cousin thrives!). other than that, i read a lot of non-fiction, most of it alcohol related.","larionov, biddle, roth, shaw, corman, housman, ibsen, woronov, de palma, tuttle, still, hoeydonck, twombly, thiebaud, bechtle, gordon, norb, cronenberg, carpenter.","i like going out to see live shows (music, plays, opera, etc) but don't get out as much as i'd like.","i really enjoy 70's trash cinema. the apple, phantom of paradise, the warriors. i recently saw the muppets and shame and enjoyed them both (though they were both a touch heavy handed in different ways).","action bronson, black bananas, the cars, the chap, cloud nothings, future of the left, modeselektor, trust, the 2 bears, destroyer, lone, pelle carlberg, gino soccio, killdozer, cows, merle haggard, azoto, mr. motherfuckin' exquire, man... or astroman?, major lazer, nick cave, jens lekman, descendants, war on drugs, den haan...","just kidding.the only artists i ever listen to are taylor swift, that one band that gweneth paltrow's husband is in, and rudimentary peni....","the best song ever is sex rash","i like all food. cooking and eating it. i go out to eat a lot. i tend to get a lot of free food and drink when i go to restaurants. it's a hazard of the industry i'm in. i'm obsessed with beverages of all kinds. i could spend a lot of time talking about water, or wine, or liquor, or tea, or (fill in the blank) chonps!","schioppettino scamorza rumphius pummelos. how did cat hair get on that. nematodes. how i can get my art onto the moon. why i get dirty looks when i ask people if i can taste their counoise.","how aren't sounds really weird when you say it 10 times in a row. definitely, probably, working; maybe reading.","sex(t)ing up your mom. on sutter st, somewhere between market st and union square, my social security number is carved into the sidewalk. i thought it was funny when i did it, and still think it's funny....","why aren't (are not) you laughing? white\",75,-1,\"hospitality / travel 2012-06-29-20-28 san francisco, california  straight likes dogs and has cats other and very serious about it m aries no english (poorly), german (poorly), spanish (poorly), other (fluently) single\" 39,\"fit  socially never graduated from college/university me","6. money what life must be like in the parts of the world that i haven't touched (yet)! enjoying good company. dining out or just plain ole' good hangin' out! sorry, i am a bit shy. (what's with this question?? lol) ...you read this far in my profile and it seems like it has the potential of changing your life (b/c it does)! asian\",70,-1,\"other 2012-05-16-22-46 san francisco, california doesn&rsquo;t have kids straight  agnosticism m  no english, chinese single\" 31,\"curvy anything socially sometimes graduated from masters program one day i will mod r/hotchickswithspreadsheets.","i &lt;3 data and jokes about fart jokes. my hobbies include wikipedia and chortling. i write raps that no one will hear. i do not have a booty like minaj. presently, holyshitwhatamidoinghere and the spacetime continuum. professionally, i count shoes. algebra, alliteration, big spoon and little spoon. i look a lot like that chick you banged your freshman year in college. i am a honda civic. - wikipedia","if he is not here i play dominoes with the boys or just hang out.  email me if interested. black\",72,-1,\"construction / craftsmanship 2012-06-24-21-23 castro valley, california has a kid straight  christianity m taurus no english single\" 38,\"thin  socially  working on masters program a friend suggested i try out this online thing just to see what it's like. i will let you know i feel totally weird doing this and it even feels a bit creepy. but what the hell its 2012, right?","i grew up a humble country-boy in the rolling fields of central massachusetts, riding my bike and playing in the woods.","i went to umass amherst, then moved to boston, where i was landscape architect and park planner for the national park service.","i left that dream job to move to sf, got my teaching credential at university of san francisco and am wrapping up my masters there.","currently i'm teaching high school science at a public charter here in san francisco, and loving it. another dream job.","within those years are innumerable adventures, countless friends, lost loves, hit and misses and many proverbial roller coaster rides. but i can tell you more about that if we ever meet. teaching high school science in sf and absolutely loving it.","meeting you for coffee? listening. playing devil's advocate. plotting. finding beauty in strange places. callbacks. making people think. consideration. smiling. puns. give and take. proper grammar. combining hard work and luck. omelettes. i don't look my age. and good teeth. books: classic 19th century shit. and funky science stuff.","i'm not a very serious person (unless i need to be). i joke and laugh a lot, and people think i'm always happy-go-lucky. in reality, i'm extremely depressed, on six types of mental medication, and i have a service animal for companionship. just kidding. see, i told you.","i would like to think of myself as an extremely patient and calm person. i find a sense of accomplishment in being able to balance those who aren't.","i love will ferrell movies. my ultimate favorite is step brothers. you're probably waiting for me to insert a step brothers quote here, but i am not one who is known to easily quote lines off the top of my head, and i deeply admire those who can. it's probably because i don't read books. i am a true sucker for chick flicks. i usually only watch movies once, then forget about them. like, remember this scene when....nope. movies of epic proportion deserve my attention multiple times, and step brothers is epic.","music: anything, really. a lot of miike snow, bombay bicycle club, the whitest boy alive, empire of the sun, and 106.1 kmel stuff are in my ears these days.","if you found the blurb above to be a) wordy, b) confusing, or c) wholly devoid of humor and irony, then you'll most likely find me annoying. for a living? teaching cpr, first aid, and assorted safety courses. not a bad gig to have while plotting my creatively-fueled world-takeover.","on a deeper level? shifting paradigms, actively-not-writing, resolving conflict(s), and falling without getting hurt.","physically? staying fit... actually, forget 'fit'. i'm going for optimal health, with all the fun stuff too (like doing a yoga class, then going for a chili dog and beer). i will never be not-fit again. ever.","other things? looking out for my crazy family, building vintage german cars, practicing aikido, being the change, fearing change, facing the change, creating change, sparing change. being unequivocal... sometimes.","doing some crazy-ass martial-arts shit to a fool! (if said fool were to attack me in a very specific way, at half speed).","movies? the first bourne, the first matrix, and the first two star wars. shawshank, amelie, three kings, boogie nights, and the fresh re-boots of bond and batman. not a whole hell of a lot recently. and by recently, i mean the last 10 years. super 8 was pretty cute. melancholia!! not the most fun movie experience, but that movie still has me pondering weighty issues like astronomy, human psychology, and kirsten dunst's --ahem-- nevermind, just see it.","music... lots. but metal and country make me want to die. someday, i'll be a monk on a hill and all i'll need is ommmm. but not yet.... here's what i'd currently feel most deprived without:","oh, and women with fantastic posture and exceptional glandular health. falling on my ass a hundred times (that means training aikido), then salving my bruises with an ancient japanese remedy (that means sapporo with the sushi, large please).","or..... basking in the blinding glow of my own white-hot potential (that means smoking weed and surfing the webbernets)","or..... chatting with some random folks i just met. (that actually just means exactly what it means). how about some dealbreakers right up front...","i'm 41, and back livin with the parents. awesomesauce!! (actually, it's a pretty sweet little cottage on a creek behind their adorable house, and they're an eccentric little hippy couple that vaguely resembles the witch/warlock couple from princess bride.... \"\"have fun stormin the castle!!\"\". so it's nice, but yeah--i'm there because i currently lack, ahem, \"\"earning potential\"\".","also, for those who haven't been reading carefully, i smoke cannabis. weed, ganja, medicinal marrryjooowanna. i smoke it daily, i have friends who grow it, and i'm a social &amp; political advocate of it. so, any woman desiring extended contact with me (like anything past a quickie) would probably want to be okay with the 4&amp;20.","oh, and.... i'm actually 5' 8 and 3/4\"\", not 5' 9\"\", but okcupid doesn't split hairs. you like my words. you like my face. you'd like to see and hear more.","you'd like to meet for a chat to see if we like each other's voices, attitudes, physiques, pheromones, and philosophies...","you don't mind dating (or sleeping with, or simply making out with) a guy who is doing all of the above with other women.","but also at times seek comfort in the familiar to recharge. i'm an open person- counter to my wasp-y pedigree, i am good at communicating (when i want to be) and and it is important to me to cultivate openness in relationships as well.","i am equally at home in the city as i am in the woods, and need a healthy balance of both to survive. city conveniences that i most rely on include good coffee, microbrews, ethnic food and, you know, culture. but i also need to step outside and leave my iphone behind for extended periods of time to remember what truly matters.","i'm from the northeast (maine) and frequently contemplate returning to that corner of the world to live at some point. i totally love it here (who doesn't?!), but there's just a certain pull to the pine forests and rolling green mountains and granite coastline of my home state that i don't think i'll able to ignore forever.","i am a summer camp kid. i love to climb. i drive a station wagon for adventures, and ride my bike the rest of the time. i can ski like a banshee. i want to someday grow some of my own food-- specifically, concord grapes. climbing, spending time with friends, cooking, slogging through my impossibly large backlog of new yorkers, trying to find a drink that tops mt. gay and tonic on a summer day, not going to burning man.","for work, i am a reformed architect, now a product manager at an online marketing company. it's not where i will end up, but i am learning a ton... and didn't someone used to tell us as kids that learing was half the battle? i was an impressionable kid. parallel parking on hills.","eating the shit out of asian food. obviously my hair. to read, all things chabon, marquez, rushdie, franzen, patchett. the new yorker.","love npr so much that if i could, i would marry it. except the whole \"\"with a perspective\"\" series. barf.","love arrested development, twin peaks, friday night lights, homeland, parks and rec. also love downton abbey, though i don't suspect that will help me win the hearts of many single straight men. love the cohen bros, wes anderson and the occasional fascinating documentary.","i like good music- you know, the stuff cool kids like. i'm a snob in that if (insert lame band here) is your favorite, i will be turned off. but i'm also not reading pitchfork and seeking out the next big indie sensation every week. most recent concerts: bon iver, tuneyards/st. vincent. self deprecating humor","chocolate why people use so many emoticons? either working or at home relaxing after a long week, with my kids or some friends and a bowl of popcorn. in my past life i would be at the theater, a movie, or a concert, and i'd love to get back to that, but for now, i'm just happy hanging with my girls, watching tv. ha! you want to...","i prefer to be direct, the east coast influence i suppose. you can ask me anything and i will give you a direct answer. i don't play games, except the occasional board or video type. but due to lots of corporate feedback, early adulthood on capitol hill, and friends worldwide, i've learned to be much more circumspect about how my words/actions will be perceived. although when my team is being attacked repeatedly, all bets are off :-p. controlling my temper and extreme diplomacy are learned skills, so i remain constantly vigilant."," independent/foreign films, operas, thought-provoking sci fi, espionage, period films, ballet, theatre"," love a wide variety of cuisines, but am not a fan of rice and beans or melted cheese unless it is in a fondue ..."," j.k. rowlings, gore vidal, neal stephenson, tom clancy, robert ludlum, sheri tepper, sir arthur conan doyle, steven d levitt, jane austen"," anything related to joss whedon, audrey hepburn, alfred hitchcock, david lynch, woody allen, johnny depp, kate winslet, diane keaton, woody allen, kate beckinsale, hugh grant, colin firth, monty python, kevin kline, katherine hepburn, emily blunt, catherine deneuve, gerard depardieu, helen bonham-carter, anthony hopkins, juliette binoche, natalie portman, matt bomer - love of family and friends"," how to enjoy the now and not dwell on the what-could-be not sure if there is a typical friday ... out with friends or attending a performance or winding down from the work week at home or a meetup to see the newest indie film i watch animated films without my nieces."," don't smoke (except the occasional cigar or something else) and will be ok accommodating my allergy to cats","i find the path to self-awareness intriguing, therefore the number of okc questions i answered (it only takes 5 sec to blow through 1 question ... while waiting for tea, you can answer a lot... or you can conclude i'm a nutjob, as my friend suggested when i told him ... hehe).","what i'm not really good at: figuring out what to do with okcupid my laugh...i'm pretty loud. books: anything from really trashy chick lit to young adult fiction (hello, hunger games) to justice stevens' memoir.","movies: i'll watch anything except for horror films. my overactive imagination prevents me from sleeping well after seeing a scary movie trailer, let alone a whole movie.","music: a mix of pop, country, rap, and random stuff sprinkled throughout. if i can dance to it, i'll probably like it.","food: i'll try anything twice (you never know, maybe that first time was a fluke). soap. brunch. my kindle. peanut butter. music. tapatio.","professionally, i work in the area of international and public affairs. i started my career as a political speechwriter in d.c. and have since focused on starting educational programs and fundraising for charitable organizations. helping others and being active in the community are important values and i set ambitious goals for myself in these areas. in this regard, i'm looking for a woman who is similarly driven, and wants to make the world a better place.","my idea of heaven is sitting at a sidewalk cafe on a warm summer evening sharing great food, wine and conversation with a woman i adore. i love spending time with family (my sister is one of my closest friends) and i appreciate making friends everywhere i go. i'm looking for a partner who also likes being social and finds positive qualities in others.","i enjoy long distance running, tennis, yoga and most team sports. i play on a kickball team during the summer. i also spend my time going to watch music and live theater. i'm a big fan of discovering and supporting local musicians, and artist. some of my hobbies include playing music, salsa dancing and photography.","moulin rouge, the american president, dumb and dumber, that thing you do, bon jovi, aerosmith, damien rice, jeff buckley, sheryl crow, the beatles, and duke ellington dinner with friends and family","watermelon hmmm...to be honest i'm too wrapped up enjoying the current moment. doing dinner and drinks with friends","going to the theater or a show.  you're ready for an honest and fun relationship, i'd love to hear from you \",68,-1,\"education / academia 2012-06-24-23-44 san francisco, california  straight   m virgo no english, spanish single\" 28,\"athletic  socially  graduated from college/university   dancing (ex: check the profile picture. i didn't pick the costume but i am definitely dancing well in it.)","money (ex: i've helped friends in my spare time create budgets and start investing. i'll help anyone that asks.)","being my own person and ignoring social pressures (ex: biking around town to save health and $ to travel the world or using a cell phone that is so old it runs on the holy spirit.)","standing up for what i think is important (ex: taking time off for a pro-choice rally, intervening when i see cops on power-trips, or arguing for m&amp;m's to bring back the light brown shells.) physically: the shape and color of my eyes or the fact i have gray hairs.","socially: many friends who are female and almost all of my friends, male and female, are those types of people who make anyone feel welcome in any situation. movies: the first movie that made me cry was the land before time... \"\"mama? mama? wake up mama\"\"... omgeezy that got me.","shows: arrested development, scrubs, strangers with candy, the office, the wire... i used to love the simpsons and in living color","one more spot left guess stay tuned helping people and hiting the lottery lol really just a bunch of random things who knows im always doing something diffrent from just being lazy lol to being out of town :) i picked my screen name based on my body part dont belive me come find out lol if you wanna chill do fun things or even just wanna say hi :) black, native american, hispanic / latin, other\",74,-1,\" 2012-06-29-11-16 oakland, california  straight   m   english single\" 23,\"curvy mostly anything rarely never working on college/university hey","i'm angel, here's a little about myself. i am a born an raised californian, whoo. been in the bay area for a while now. i'm a bit of a tomboy. i love video games, football (go niners), hiking, that kinda stuff. got to love the earth, so i try to stay conscious about how i effect the world and other people in it. i'm into politics too , although i dont know a bunch about them but i try to learn more. a proud obama supporter and democrat, of course.","i'm a fan of nature, music, fishing, bicycling, movies, art, good books, kid stuff and finding new things to get into. i'm goin to school to become a chef, i love everything about food so it was a given for me. i'm not what you say \"\"religous\"\" so i'm into men with a mind for discovering other things. i've found that i need a guy that is spiritual or its not really a good match.","i'm working on goals right now, just moved to san francisco and getting into school. i'm a happy person, down to earth and have great sense of humor, just trying to find a guy that can handle me. i'm an intellectual and very open minded. i'm into guys who have sense, home training and knows how to treat a lady. i like men that like to look nice and has a mind. happy hunting ;-) discovering and exploring! finding myself.","take care of business and working to get what i need and want out of life. art, math, learnin things fast, puzzles and brain teasers, picking out the perfect gift, most games i play, making things by hand, and being efficient (when i want to). i'd say my hair and my eyes. i would say my smile but i'm not sure.","i like my lips a lot tho. favorite books are: my life as a teenage fairy, sex love and dharma, anne rice's vampire books, steven king's dark tower series, lord of the rings, siddhartha, and the odyssey.","favorite movies are: hello dolly, most disney movies, tomstone, nightmare before christmas, the crow, pirates of the caribbian, spirited away, and les miserables.","i love shows like: house, how i met your mother, the office, dr. oz and family guy you know good humor things.","you'll have to ask me for more. you are chill, nice, down to earth, educated, caring, cultured, exiting, pleasant, attractive..ect.","you think we'd be good friends? hit me. :) black, native american, hispanic / latin\",66,20000,\"other 2012-06-28-18-40 san francisco, california has a kid straight likes dogs and likes cats other f capricorn and it&rsquo;s fun to think about when drinking english (fluently) single\" 36,\"fit strictly anything often sometimes graduated from ph.d program a business owner, a backend/frontend developer, a frequent hiker, a podcast listener, trying to be a banjo player, former bass player, former inorganic chemist, former theoretical magnetic resonator.","i just realized that staring at lava from 20 feet away and having it toss bits of molten rock at me, is probably the single greatest thing in the world.","you're gonna hear \"\"ma'am\"\" and \"\"lady\"\" from me, i just can't help it, as i've been raised southern style (not southern cali). my accent only comes out when provoked, in similar company, or beverage induced.","a former chemist turned business owner and frequent traveler (it gets boring sitting in one spot for too long, but i really do like to just go to a new spot and sit).","not really into \"\"open/sf-ness\"\" crap-ol-la (you may ask yourself \"\"then why are you in sf?\"\". my answer is, i'm not. i'm in oakland). not my bag, tried it, didn't like it. don't even like dealing with more then one conversation at the same time (that could just be a time thing too). intj's unite. that's right you heard me.","not that this matters or anything, but according to the two signs (aries and the dragon) and my psych profile (intj), i should be an introverted, good-with-money, loyal, slightly competitive, over generalizing asshole with an uncanny ability to focus. mostly true.","basically i'm lookin' for a partner in crime. while i really like games, i tend to lose them a lot, so i'd prefer not to play them anymore.","me, me, me, me some more, i'd like a side of me with that, can i get me to go? sheesh. but i have questions for you. this is mad question-er website right?"," trees, snow or sand? recovering from one hell of a month in africa. aikido. trying to learn the banjo. figuring out when and how to take an f1 racing course w/o going bankrupt. i'll figure out what's next when i get back. - breaking things, then trying to fix them all the while pretending to know what i'm talking about or doing. trouble is i don't really mean to break things sometimes, that can be too expensive sometimes. i have on shoes. - if you like \"\"who's afraid of virginia wolf\"\", nice."," if you laugh your ass off at top gear, family guy and/or futurama, i've got a nice tv for that."," if you're gonna be sad when breaking bad and mad men go off the air, i'll be there too."," if you wished treme was as good as the wire, i'd have to agree."," the hitchhiker's guide to the galaxy. we are all very small.","and think that valentines day is a kobayashi maru holiday. and can use google to figure out what that means.","doing much driving from and to st. louis, and sleeping in hotels d: knowing random pointless stuff that i'm quite.... then they learn dresden files - jim butcher.... the books not the tv show","philosophy     white\",72,-1,\" 2012-06-24-18-46 pleasant hill, california  straight  atheism and laughing about it m aquarius when drinking english single\" 18,\"   never   i am currently a high school senior in the east bay. cl","latin especially brasilian. weezer! i love their poetry and their jams. strokes, i have dylan, hot tuna, miles davis, doc watson, beethoven, roberta sa, joaquin sabina, johnny cash, among other stations in pandora.","it seems as though the virtual representation of a person always includes: hiking, painting, reading to the blind, impressively active and productive activities ad nauseum. if that were the truth, i would probably see more than five people on lengthy hikes and not nearly as many people switching between twitter and craigslist's missed connections on their laptops at every coffee shop i've ever been to, ever--just sayin'.","in order to combat this trend, how about i just write about what i did this past week? i began and finished two paintings, drew a bunch, ate some chocolate form germany and czech republic, worked a bunch, missed a lot of sleep, got sick, went to the bank, and cleaned the bathtub. nothing too out of line and i got some important stuff in! bam!","also, my laptop began having a problem, so i'm not being rude by not replying to your messages; i'm just not able to (or best excuse ever?). by day, i make sandwiches. by night, i paint. also, i don't make sandwiches every day. sometimes, i go on hikes or do other things. also, i don't paint every night. some nights, i am with friends or catching up on laundry. i breathe most of the time and i read some of the time.","i'm not partial to this kind of vague self-examination. :p give me some parameters and i'll figure out answers for you. ...avoiding the question. see? my really exotic brown hair and brown eyes. the leprosy, perhaps? books: oh, lord...currently reading why zebras don't get ulcers by sapolsky and in the realm of hungry ghosts by gabor mate. top-of-my-head favorites: the life of pi, the heart of darkness, sex at dawn, a christmas carol, entertaining ourselves to death, freakonomics.","movies: the sound of music (i know, i know), what the bleep do we know, nothing to lose, matilda, food, inc.","shows: the usual seth macfarlane/matt groening filth. :p okay...i also love the brady bunch. 5 handsome points if you are familiar with the twilight zone, the original one!","music: john frusciante and noise less impressive. i'm recently received the soundtrack for everything is illuminated in the mail, which i'm excited about.","6. apparently, loose regulations on how many items can be consolidated on a list/dental floss. honestly--sleep, food, and scheduling. otherwise, long-term life goals, strange possibilities, ideas for jokes, amusing drawings, and paintings.","traveling, scuba, i ski/snowboard--poorly, love music festivals (burning man), reading (currently a book a day or equivalent), science, poetry--i used to do spoken word shows, i love having dinner parties,","i have a very different and unique relationship with almost every person in my life, i dont believe in being generic. growth is extremely important to me, i am always developing, reinventing, and improving my self. i looking for the same in a partner. i used to be an incredibly serious person, now i just try to live","in addition i'am working with a company, based out of poland, to export various commodities to the us. cooking, feeding my friends. nurturing :)","making you laugh. speaking dolphin--no seriously. my eyes. i've been told on several occasions i have wolf eyes, they fluctuate between deep sea green and silver.","my smille and my laugh :) books... yes i read. i always have a really hard time answering that one so i looked at my bookshelf: quantum physics, energy and politics, rake, art, poems, hermaphrodites in india, travel, just to name some of the subjects of interest. i love zinn.","im a huge foodie :) i love food!!!! making it, eating it, sharing it, talking about it..... my friends, loving people, traveling, creativity, cuddling. the inner workings of the human condition. oh and carrots. people watching, usually through my spy wear glasses or hunting unicorns if the weather is nice.","oh and your not in love with your roommate! white\",66,-1,\"student 2012-06-22-02-01 berkeley, california  straight likes dogs and likes cats  f scorpio no english (fluently), polish (fluently), spanish (poorly) seeing someone\" 24,\"average  socially never graduated from college/university i graduated from uc berkeley with a degree in eecs (electrical engineering and computer science). i enjoy doing things with computer and cars - my two main hobbies.","i am amusing, funny, and geeky working, going on random drives, etc computers, mixing drinks :) i look like harry potter? music... so much. i listen to pretty much everything, with an emphasis on rock, techno and electronica.","movies.. fight club, back to the future, se7en, come to mind.","i loved reading tale of two cities because of its focus on the french revolution and great gatsby. glasses","computer the economy? looking for parking, hanging out with friends, movies :)  you're interested in someone who's motivated, but yet knows how to have fun :) white\",71,-1,\"computer / hardware / software 2012-06-28-11-06 san francisco, california  straight has cats atheism and somewhat serious about it m aquarius but it doesn&rsquo;t matter no english, russian (okay) single\" 50,\"fit mostly anything socially never graduated from two-year college i am single girls!!! come get me!! hahaha","emotionally:love, friends, family, jesus, my kids, my kitty cat. chocolate... watching a dvd with friends.","its too bad too 'cuz she seems like the perfect woman... emotionally: i'm sort of like a girl. i cry during movies, i always end up at the women's table at parties, i could care less about sports, i love to do the laundry, i am nurturing... -you are younger than me and you think i am sexy hahahaha.","as far as food goes i've developed an adventurous palette through my travels. in no particular order:","2) my friends are the best people in the world, they're not things, but technically i could never live without them.","i don't, i do. enjoying it. producing music, entertaining, struggling with maturity, and isolating myself. hair or clothes, or that i'm longboarding. the art of war, fear and loathing in las vegas","enders game, enders shadow. behind the scenes at the museum by kate atkinson. never let me go is my most recent read.","2. being able to count to 10. cookies drinking tiger blood.  why not? asian\",68,150000,\"science / tech / engineering 2012-02-29-12-08 san francisco, california  straight likes dogs and likes cats agnosticism but not too serious about it m  no english single\" 43,\"average  socially never graduated from college/university upon viewing this big empty box, i have a big case of stage fright. kinda like i was pushed out on stage in front of the mike and someone turned on the big spotlight. *tap tap* \"\"this thing on? yep. so where to start?\"\"","if i could add a fourth adjective it would be \"\"optimistic\"\". the glass is always more than half full and there is enough to share. (but not so far as to be pollyannic.)","board games -- love 'em. used to play once a week till some of the regulars moved way. settlers, bohnanza, puerto rico and many others. fun for both the analytical and social sides of the mind. my current favorite is \"\"fearsome floors\"\" - each player tries to get their characters to flee the dungeon while avoid the monster which patrols it. i have green eyes.","i walk fast. always have, but after six years in the bay area without a car, i found my speed increasing. so many places to go.","rumpled, but not frayed. i value function over style and after years without a car, i generally am ready to walk a couple km to get where i need to be. fancy shoes out, practical shoes in.","usually have some sort of jacket or coat about. even if the weather is fine outside, it can change and i might be out late.","almost always with some sort of tool at hand. my favorite books and movies also shaped how i view the world:","music:as a programmer i like to drown out the office noise with tunes. last time i counted, i had a month or two of playtime. i like the music of \"\"groove salad\"\" and \"\"drone zone\"\" on somafm.com. my mp3 collection also has a huge swath of the 80s as well.","as for food: i am a laid-back veg. i like most everything except for okra and mayo. dark chocolate is a big hit with me. air, water, food, friends, books, tools.","without the first three, i would be dead; without the last, i would be bored. zombie attacks -- do you have a plan for what to do in the event of a zombie attack?","after reviewing the literature, i figure i have a pretty good chance of making it though a zombie attack. i know the routes out of the building and where to find the supplies i need. this preparation should also be handy when \"\"the big one\"\" hits the bay area. in order of likelihood:","catching up at work. i watch romatic comedies and read chick lit. (like sophie kinsella, helen fielding, etc...)","also watched all but the last season of gilmore girls; i started season 7, but the writing was horrible and i gave up. (i found out later that the creator has left the show.) ...you think \"\"smart is sexy\"\".","...you think xkcd is funny. white\",73,-1,\"science / tech / engineering 2012-06-28-00-22 emeryville, california  straight   m virgo but it doesn&rsquo;t matter no english, german (poorly), lisp (fluently), c++ (fluently) single\" 27,\"fit strictly anything socially  graduated from college/university i am a part-geek, part-silly, part-ridiculous guy. always open to meeting new people and seeing if we click.","the geek in me is always game for an intellectually stimulating conversation. i consider myself a sapiosexual, and if you are the same then we'll certainly get along!","i'm definitely somewhat silly. i am guilty of being that person making ridiculous expressions in pictures, which i then desperately try to scrub from facebook.","as for the ridiculous part, i like to try out completely new things not in my comfort zone. bonus points if it triggers the adrenaline junkie in me. would love to try something new if you have something in mind.","an engineer by profession. spent my childhood tinkering with and breaking things, somehow turned that into a career.","100% a bay area product. grew up in san jose, went to school in berkeley (go bears!), and now in san francisco.","a hardcore car person. not just the average guy who drives aggressively, but someone who spends many weekends at a racetrack. i secretly dream of one day doing it professionally.","other hobbies that i've picked up: photography, cycling, foodie-ing, and fashion. i'm becoming quite the yuppie.","i am optimistic, competitive, and stubborn. just finished a year long sabbatical from work and big corporation life. plenty of fun traveling during that time and general relaxing.","now working on my own startup. this means i have a very flexible schedule, so i can almost never say no to meeting up for coffee! - life. (j/k)","movies: anything by tarantino and kubrick. apocalypse now redux, black hawk down. personal favorite? spice world.","music: mostly mainstream, though i also listen to more classic rock (led zeppelin, metallica, ac/dc) and electronic (daft punk, glitch mob, chemical brothers) than most people.","food: super foodie extraordinaire. i could go on and on about my favorite places to eat- don't even know where to start here. i'm always game to try new places. every time i go to a new city it's the #1 thing on my todo list. more than 3/4s through the sf big eat, if you know what that is. 0) a towel.","5) friends and family (duh!) why cats and dogs like to pee on my stuff. i still love them, of course. putting on my robe and wizard hat. - i used to play wow. yeah, i'm that guy."," i wasn't a giants fan until they reached the world series. - you can appreciate a slightly dorky, slightly smart, slightly independent, slightly tall guy."," you can appreciate going on the most amazing date ever, but other times you're also good with a simple movie night."," or if you can come up with a good reason! asian\",68,150000,\"other 2012-06-27-00-15 san francisco, california  straight likes dogs and likes cats agnosticism but not too serious about it m  no english available\" 26,\"average  often never dropped out of space camp although i don't live here yet i am moving to sf before 7/2012. since i only know all of two people in this city i would be cool to meet some new people.","i am no good at describing myself. i like anything fun, going out to shows/bars/restaurants, traveling to far away countries, getting into squirt gun fights with strangers, the usual you know. beer nerd/computer geek is how i describe myself. technically my title is software engineer. i am just counting down the dollars until i can open a brewpub. brewing beer","no really. i brew beer for fun. it's kind of like cooking only it's more fun. that i am a really laid back amiable kind of guy. although some people have told me that i can be intimidating i don't see it at all. i am not really a movie nerd. though, i like to watch movies. make sense? i liked fight club a lot. fifth element, big lebowski, hackers to name a few. the last movie i saw was red state. i liked it.","music..i tend to like the same thing everyone else likes a lot less. though, i do like all kinds of music. i have techno (certain kinds of techno), bluegrass, jam, and rock kinds of days...in that order. i also really appreciate the piano.","noms. i like different food, as in eating something different every night of the week. i am not a picky eater at all. a better question might be what i don't like to eat.","i will read whatever you tell me to read. i like it all. though, lately especially, i have been reading a lot of stuff about the capital markets (nassim taleb, michael lewis, and the like). i also really like books like 1984, snow crash but really don't read function books enough. friends/family.","food. how to take over the world at a bar with friends or going to a show. i skipped the 'college experience' in lieu of a great job, no debt, and self sufficiency. so far it has worked out great. you're bored and want to meet someone new.","unfortunately this does not leave much time for profile editing. (for more enjoyment and greater efficiency, consumption is being standardized.) books:"," tech nonfiction, tech fiction (neal stevenson type stuff), dystopian fiction (orwell, zamyatin, little brother, and the sort), scifi here and there (contact) outliers: the curious incident of the dog in the night time, uncle tungsten."," blade runner, memento, lots of stuff by kubrick, ferris beuler's day off, solyaris/solaris (both the tarkovsky and the more recent one), dark city. brazil, occasionally b grade zombie movies..."," belle and sebastian a few technical things. a few mechanical things. fixing your fancy hybrid solar &amp; gas power system at burning man. blundering around on jumping-stilts. apparently whatever geeky t-shirt i happen to be wearing at the time. books:"," tech nonfiction, tech fiction (neal stevenson type stuff), dystopian fiction (orwell, zamyatin, little brother, and the sort), scifi here and there (contact) outliers: the curious incident of the dog in the night time, uncle tungsten."," blade runner, memento, lots of stuff by kubrick, ferris beuler's day off, solyaris/solaris (both the tarkovsky and the more recent one), dark city. brazil, occasionally b grade zombie movies...","i must say though, i'm sure i've gone at least a week in the past year without each one of those. things that would be fun to build but probably won't have the time to. i go through post-its by the case. if i will do laundry today.  the city of the future does not ship.","i'm not on here looking for love at first sight or my future baby daddy. i just want to meet a few genuine, like-minded individuals to meet up with for a beer, a show, some people watching... whatever.","on a romantical note....i'm hopelessly attracted to inspired, creative, adventurous black men and have been for over a decade. if this sounds like you hit me up!","music - everything from trip hop and reggae to classical and jazz with many layers in between. as a recovering cellist, live music, done well, is my downfall...","i'm fun, i'm adventurous, i have a great sense of humor and i love to try new things. i love to laugh. i'm passionate and loving.","take me to the mountains with a pack, or take me to a fun costume party with the weirdest people you know and i'll do fine in either scenario. i'm rather intrepid and talented at handling ambiguity that way : )","young at heart and lifestyle. while my chronological age has me at 43, i live life without age as a variable. while i like people who have some experience and wisdom under their belt, i also like those same people to live life with the starry eyed wonder of their youth. i'm young at heart and strive to live life fearlessly and with gusto.","intrepid traveler. i've traveled extensively all over but asia, and that's next. i've lived &amp; studied abroad and i take great pleasure in learning new things and meeting different kinds of people.","i love good food (i mean healthy and creative), music, making art, philosophy, permaculture, the ocean, and the parrots that fly over my porch : )","i'm revolutionary. i tend to be drawn to 'subcultures' or other subversive movements. i've got a rebel in me that wants to make the world a better place, one practice and one day at a time. i'm into local food, community art, and social innovation.","i have been to burningman the last 10 yrs--and other fun summer festivals. however, i am starting to outgrow this expression, and looking for the next ???","i'm in no way mainstream though i don't go out of my way to look a cool part, that said i'm a great dresser too ; )","i'm a jane of all trades. having worked as a book designer, high tech designer, artist, massage therapist, and philosophy student. throw in visual media (printmaking, painting, sculpture). also gardening and sound healing.","i like alot of freedom in my relationships. i require honesty and respect on all levels including with and for myself and i hold myself to high standards of integrity.","i've become really interested in making provocative art--erotic, social, activist, community art. anything that causes a slight disruption in the ordinary.","looking around the next corner... listening. being a good friend. being a part of the greater cosmos. loving.","being a good friend. my smile. my big brown eyes. my warmth. my general lioness like qualities. my ability to listen deeply. my general lusciousness. my powerful presence and creative intellect. and, i hear, my breasts ; ) this is always a hard question because there are so many to","psych, plants, social art, satire, political art. i've read thousands since i was a little kid so its difficult to summarize faves. but i've read all the classics, the modern faves and pretty much anything that looks remotely 'good'...","thievery corp, phutureprimitive, gotan project, groove armada, etc jazz: miles davis, ella fitzgerald, alice coltrane, etc rock/other: coldplay, the shins, polkadotdotdot, zoe keating, radiohead, carolina chocolate drops,","food: gluten free. tend towards vegetarian. love asian foods, thai, indian, vietnamese, indonesian. california fusions suits me fine. sushi. simple, healthy, whole foods are my focus. lots of veggies. i particularly like street food just cuz its so real. i love tea, especially chai,","music. how much i love this cosmos and everything in it. i think alot about the people i love. i think alot about how i'd like to think less. doing different things at different times. some fridays, i'm tired and i just want to come home to a fire and watch the stars and read a good book. others, i meet friends for dinner parties or drinks. others i go to a party. others, i pack up and leave town for the weekend. or, or, or...","its always different and changes with my mood and schedule and what's happening around me. i'm usually pretty hot n bothered, and i want you to have your kinda kinky way with me. often. you want to meet me half way.","while i write plenty of people, i really love it when someone steps up to make that first move. i feel i do it alot of the time, so i'm impressed when someone is bold enough to approach me first. as a bold, strong woman, i am attracted to bold, strong people.","you do what you say. you're self-aware, kind, fun and love to laugh. adventurous, funny and positive are a plus. you've become better for it all--even the tough stuff that is sometimes hard to accept.","philosophers, artists, creatives, do-ers are totally my type : ) nature lovers, foodies, music loving, left of center,and unique, smart, sexy people, yes!","i do best with extroverted, socially oriented beings who like to be in community. yet you appreciate time alone with me too.","me, i'm going to savor being completely true to myself, following my heart and letting it take me where it leads.","right now, i'm interested in adventure, exploration, personal growth and living from the heart and soul as a priority. i'd love fellow playmates and adventurers to join me. i'm open to wherever a connection goes, whether that be casual fun or falling in love and going deep with someone.","i want to meet and spend time with whatever like-minded, amazing people cross my path. i remain open to discovery, synchronicity and connections of all kinds.","also enjoys humor, espcially internet humor, and theorizing about time travel. once in high school i came up with a proof that i could define whatever i wanted to be true based around time-travel; somehow my friends weren't quite convinced.","more things... i like thinking about things for myself. like figuring out why the universe is the way it is, why society is how it is, why politics sucks as much as it does, when plural-looking words are actually singular. also figuring out how to use the various contraptions in the gym, which i've started using now that i actually have time and energy (my college was really intense -- awesome, but intense). studying math. i just moved here to berkeley for grad school. i'm looking to meet new people in the area, for doing non-math stuff with :p.","i need to begin looking for something that combines my interests, or at least uses 2 out of math, physics, and cs (3 ways!). maybe 2 out of math, physics, cs, and logic puzzles (6 ways!). math, puzzles, humor, and academia. also science. for science!","i enjoy difficult crosswords, especially the cryptic ones. some of those puzzle designers are just plain evil... and awesome. one of these days i hope to be at their level of pure evilness.","i created lots of levels for an opensource puzzle game back in highschool, and became infamous for my evilly difficult levels (come on, they weren't *that* hard...).","things i am really good at: procrastinating, writing overly-formal responses to things, recursion, googling things, headshots, wrhgizxgrmt kvlkov uiln wlrmt gsvri dlip. idk... hair? or niceness? that i like mathy/sciency t-shirts? food: ice cream, chocolate, and the baked goods i'm teaching myself to make. it's kind of strange realizing it's possible to make for yourself a lot of the things you typically buy from the store.","movies: the x-files, primer, the fifth element, tron (especially the original), serenity, inception, source code, harry potters, back to the future, lotr, sherlock holmes.","shows: i don't usually watch tv, but when i do it's online. and usually doctor who or futurama. also some shows that have ended: arrested development, firefly (obligatory: screw you fox), x-files, death note.","books: surely you're joking, mr. feynman!, the adventures of sherlock holmes, bringing down the house, the adventures of huckleberry finn, the odyssey","a lot of my reading material these days comes from articles on teh interwebs, especially science stuff (like superluminal neutrinos). internet!","also how to make these responses less formal-sounding. don't worry, i'm not this bad in real life... i hope. doing math, playing video games, trying to get my quantum homework done on time (i.e., wrestling with tensors).","maybe baking some bread. i have the email address \"\"thatswhatshesaid\"\" on a certain popular mail host.","once in highschool me and some friends played the most politically incorrect variant of chess ever. 4 colors/sides, each representing an ethnicity. so white pieces could \"\"oppress\"\" nearby black pieces, brown pawns could explode killing nearby units, red pawns could establish \"\"reservations\"\", and black had no king/queen but their pawns could \"\"reproduce\"\" fast to spawn more black pawns. if that sounds horrible to you then you're a noob, and we probably wouldn't get along. :p","also, i think i thrive on challenges - i always overload myself with coursework, then pull all-nighters. yay sleep-dep!","oh, and that my first thought upon making an okc profile was to use a handshake-lemma-ish argument to try to figure out response rates for sending messages. (true)","more seriously: if you're kinda nerdy, have a good sense of humor, and want to hang out around berkeley and have some fun.","i would really like to find a genuine guy that i can enjoy time with.  making soups - my favourite is leek and potato my english accent  phone","good food     white\",67,-1,\"hospitality / travel 2012-06-29-20-35 san francisco, california doesn&rsquo;t have kids, but wants them straight   f libra no english (fluently), dutch (okay) single\" 24,\"thin mostly vegan socially  working on college/university i'm a charmingly eccentric, borderline pretentious but infectiously easygoing dude who has been thoroughly berkelified since moving here 5 years ago.","what free time i have is spent cooking, trying to get better at climbing and when i'm feeling especially antisocial, wasting time on the internet (reddit, anyone?).","movies: mary poppins, batman begins and anything on the \"\"bottom 100\"\" list on imdb (puma man is a masterpiece)","tv: tim and eric &lt;3, sherlock &lt;3&lt;3, venture bros., game of thrones, adventure time, arrested development, etc.","music: bob dylan, belle &amp; sebastian, m ward, and many scattered songs by indie artists i can't name. i feel like i'm less into music than most people in berkeley, but i enjoy it when it assaults me unexpectedly.","food: currently the world's worst vegan. i like most asian food and nearly anything else. hummus is good, and anything that's not organic. diet mountain dew (with or without tequila)","3 (the number) system idle process.   you are brilliant/adorable. and you find me irresistibly sexy. white\",75,-1,\" 2012-06-24-22-19 berkeley, california doesn&rsquo;t have kids straight likes cats atheism m sagittarius but it doesn&rsquo;t matter when drinking english single\" 50,\"average mostly anything often never college/university i am a good guy looking to find that someone special.","lets go to the wine country, explore a new area, try a new restaurant and enjoy a nice glass of wine together.","i am easy fun, easy going, spontaneous, and honest working hard and learning about myself. cooking on the grill! my smile i don't read a lot, mostly mags and trade journals","my favorite show right now is dexter! this is good first date stuff... not enough room here unwinding from the week with a glass of wine &amp; meeting friends, or watching a movie. if you ask, i will answer! you have a great smile!!!","enjoy wine and sunsets. white\",73,80000,\"transportation 2012-06-29-21-54 benicia, california doesn&rsquo;t want kids straight has cats other m libra no english single\" 32,\"average  not at all never graduated from college/university     books","metric, mgmt, smashing pumpkins, postal service, owl city, the cure, the kooks, radiohead, rilo kiley","uncharted, battlefield, mass effect internet, phone, fish (for consumption and as pets ... hmm), quiet time, friend time, gps    you wanna:","goldfrapp, bat for lashes, radiohead, phantogram, knife, bon iver, broken social scene, fisherspooner etc.","many favorite books, currently spending my time with steve jobs &amp; einstein by walter isaacson. love, love, love wise heart by jack kornfield... such a beautiful book to unwind to. bikram yoga","and of course love! (9 oops! ;) ) my goals and the best route to achieve what that is! ... or making ideas come to life and on to any media outlet. hmmm... try to live in the moment, nothing is ever typical in my la vida.  you are happy, healthy, creative, sensual and sexy, compassionate with others, are able to take time for yourself to check in, humor is at your core, and who knows.. i like messages! i will respond if i'm attracted and interested."," ***music2hold a 'sliding on the linoleum in stocking feet' contest, agree? if you do, keep going. (neutral is fine 2)","~ everyday, i hope i put effort towards being the type of high minded cat i know i can be. (results vary) ~ living the life less ordinary.","~ type of cat that runs towards the explosion, to lend a hand. ~ a character. ~ books: vintage/historical manuals/engineering texts, the odyssey, don quixote, anything by david sedaris or p.g. wodehouse, the sea wolf, thg2tg (douglas adams).","~ movies: northfork (fav film), black cat, white cat(close 2nd), his girl friday, young frankenstein, early and mid career marx brothers films, blues brothers (like every man), the impostors, hudsucker proxy, and on and on...","~ don't have space/time in my life for tv, but i've been known to curl up on the couch, plus one, and watch whatever you wish.","~ music is significant part of my life. no. re-purposing this box to let fly with a cactus screed...(ascending soapbox)","this question, like most of these questions, is poorly written, but offers up a very interesting incite into who's paying attention, and who's not. (i have absolutely no room to be going on about poorly written anything.)","i'm shocked at how consistently out of step i apparently am on this question. most women say 'creepy.' wtf? perhaps, if you're the desired individual, but that's not what the question is implying. have none of you ever been in the situation where you wanted someone who didn't want you in return? falls under the 'unrequited' umbrella in my book. sometimes you love them and sometimes it's just desire. so... what's 'creepy' about that?","then we have, 'foolish.' i'm sorry but for one to be labeled as 'foolish,' the implication is, through your actions, you have delivered these consequences, leaving nothing but this hopeless/unrequited love. i do not limit the endless possibility's to arrive at that dead end, principality driven by ones own foolishness. sloppy thinking. i'd allow for foolish if the question was 'what do you think about dwelling in...' remember, we're answering the question asked.","if there's a switch somewhere that turns on and off love, and i have control of that switch, i'd be forever in your debt if you could point it out to me.","to be in love and not have that love returned is a shitty feeling and a shitty space to be in. but i'll bet you kraft dinner this has happened to most of us a time or two.","it does however, demonstrate the capacity for love. and given the three poor choices above, i'd choose as 'romantic.'","oh, and there is a lot more then six things i could never do without. ~ generally old, heavy, and obscure, equipment/practices.","~ building community around the arts and arts around the community. (have i some 'pr machine' folks on the team or what?!) ~ thinking i really need to get out of the shop.","1091 is the model # and engine displacement of this huge old truck that seems to always be in the way.","or perhaps not. ~ skeptical of this okc gig, but able to see value in bringing together possible matches that would otherwise, likely never have met.","~ you've dug a hole in the earth with a shovel, or, at minimum, a trowel. (small holes, are still holes)","(i reserve '1st right of refusal' on all licking of support hardware &amp; auxiliaries at conclusion of ingredient agitation ((i will likely share)).","i'll then proceed to walk around for hours post, in public, with some of whatever it was in the bowl, now in my whiskers. naturally...completely unawares.)","i don't know... i'm thoughtful, considerate... i try to be understanding, openminded... im driven, passionate, loyal. working on creating a small business but also willing to travel and have fun. hmmm... ordering burritos, waiting till the last minute to do laundry, responding to text messages, self-deprication, listening to pearljam.  of human bondage - somerset maugham","movies: the player, magnolia, donnie darko, murder ball, la cage aux folles, death becomes her, election, the black stallion, close encounters of the third kind, fargo, annie hall, goodfellas, waste land, the ice storm, rushmore, city of god, children of men, the sweet hereafter, arsenic and old lace, hoop dreams, roger and me, the big lebowski, american beauty, bill cunningham ny, life of brian, alien, best in show","shows: mad men, jeopardy!, curb your enthusiasm, the sopranos, southpark, boardwalk empire, the colbert report, strangers with candy, deadwood, barefoot contessa, nova, hoarders, six feet under, frontline, the simpsons, big fat gypsy weddings (uk), arrested development","music: (i run the gamut here.) air, the meters, love and rockets, tom lehrer, edvard grieg, blackalicious, daniel lanois, cole porter, the english beat, ali akbar khan, pavement, stevie wonder, dolly parton, airborne toxic event, dave grisman, ladies love cool james, neko case, buena vista social club, kid cudi, nina simone munchkin one and munchkin two","music and a dance floor how to keep myself from correcting your spelling and grammar, whether the human race is evolving, adapting or regressing, the phenomenal world of fractals, how to do this:","i like to think and have my opinions challenged. being able to have political and religious discussions/debates is important to me. that being said i will also crack numerous bad charlie sheen puns (you know the man who did enough coke to kill two and half men), banter on the hilarity of \"\"bro\"\"-culture, and rant about how paris hilton's rise to fame signifies the decline of western civilization.","i am open-minded, honest, and self-aware i just finished two years as a high school math/cs teacher. also i'm currently looking for a pick-up soccer or flag football league, so if you know of a team needing people tell me, thanks. listening, making people feel better, origami, math, movie trivia, knowing random facts, having fun","oh and i'll kick your butt in bananagrams, wacky blasters, sceneit, and candy land (i've never lost, true story). my friendly demeanor, i always try to greet people with a smile. i've also been told that i have \"\"eyes that sparkle from across the room\"\" (thanks 60 year old lady from target) and an \"\"artistic face\"\". books: anything by mitch albom, harry potter, middlesex, the giver, ender series, hitchhiker's guide to the galaxy","movies: good will hunting, serenity, casablanca, 10 things i hate about you, love actually, wall-e, slumdog millionaire, well there are a lot them...","tv shows: lost, house, how i met your mother, scrubs, glee, the office, all joss whedon shows, veronica mars, arrested development, chuck, west wing, modern family","additional caveat: just winking at me won't get a response. hispanic / latin, white\",67,60000,\"computer / hardware / software 2012-06-14-21-30 san francisco, california  straight likes dogs and likes cats catholicism but not too serious about it m scorpio but it doesn&rsquo;t matter no english (fluently) single\" 28,\"average  desperately often  let's fuck!!!! porn movie director being gentle my camera xxx family","420 who my next model will be shooting porn movies, smoking 420 n drinking i've made over 200 porn movies want to be a porn star! willing to do anything for a chance to be in my movie asian\",70,-1,\" 2012-06-07-11-34 el cerrito, california doesn&rsquo;t have kids straight  atheism m sagittarius yes english single\" 50,\"athletic  socially never college/university every winter my work bring me to bay area, i love mild weather here, now i'm","looking for one to hangout for activity and date with. to enjoy good time with, no drama. summer i may be any where in us working. today email,tex, phone can make contact any where in real time to keep in touch. enjoying total freedom,carefree life.","looking for a pertner to share with, i only have room for one figure things out if i have great interest. youth in my appearance and activity.i can beat physical challenge with one with half of my age any time. samurai in skay story of japanese ace pilot in world war 2 . i am anti war but flying fighter plane for dule fight sounds lots of fan. morning coffee, pickup truck,luxury motor home,toys (fire arms, i shoot competition). job (profit/hobby/ entertaiment/adventure). oh may be i phone, handy little device! future,where and what will be?????","lately i have devoted myself to more international travel. i'd love to find someone who has the schedule flexibility to be able to go to the far flung places and have exotic adventures. i can help you out with cheap flights! ;-) let's go!!!","since last year i've visited vietnam, cambodia (solo!), costa rica, brazil, uruguay, argentina, bali.","also, i have traveled through europe (ireland england netherlands switzerland monaco spain) and morocco. i spent quite a bit of time in northern italy, which was beautiful.","i am affectionate, adventurous, and fun loving i am really happy about the quality of great friendships i have developed in the short time i have been in the area. i know that the bay area is home. i'd like to trade my socal rental property for one here in the near future.","that said, i have a lot more traveling to do and would love to do it with someone. i'm always up for an adventure and now i have a little more time and money to do it. - especially since i get to fly for free! if i had a partner, they could too. that is one of the benefits of my job that i haven't gotten to take advantage of yet, unfortunately. heck, i'd want me for that reason alone! here's an obscure one: mechanical bull riding.","i read a lot about consciousness and the influence of psychedelics in religion, psychology,spirituality and culture.","if i were stranded on a desert island: thai food!!! although sushi might be more likely to be on the menu, and that's great too!","for comedy, [patton oswalt] is the grand high master of all that is funny. basically, comedy would probably be my favorite genre of movies. my passport","my ability to create and share a unique and colorful existence with this little speck of infinity i have somehow been blessed with","i'm pretty attached to my iphone. okay very. but i do admit to a fair amount of droid envy. *when and where i am going to go next. and how i am going to afford it!","*consciousness. spirituality, but from a more scientific approach. why we are the way we are. we have been asking the same question since the beginning and we still don't have an answer. but people sure will fight to impose their beliefs on each other!","*shamanism. how ancient plant medicine healers still connect to the wisdom of the living world around us. i think we have forgotten ancient wisdom.","*i love learning about the psychedelic revolution of the 60's and how it did and didn't change the world. how the present day is different a a result. i just had the honor of meeting one of the great psychedelic chemists of all time. that was more exciting than any movie star for me. let's just say if you've ever felt \"\"ecstatic\"\", he is why. i am a member of a non-profit organization called maps, which is devoted to legal research, such as mdma based therapy for ptsd. good work!","*psychology. why we behave the way we do. why it is so hard to change, even when the change is for a far greater good. why we love who we love.","*but here, in the physical realm, i really think a lot about the vast amount of plastic junk that just gets dumped into our landfills and oceans over the generations. why do we need to buy all this stupid stuff? how can it be better managed? is this planet really as different from when i was a child as they say in terms of extinctions and habitat destruction?","in my day to day life i am a teacher. i love what i do and approach the challenges and people in my life with passion and intensity. i am resourceful and eager to find the meaning, sensuality and the funny in all that i do. life is too short for anything else.","my ideal person: someone my age or close who is trustworthy, decent, modest, fair--and intelligently twisted. this person should be well-educated, dominant, attractive/fit and have a good sense of humor. this is asking a great deal, but i am into it and would be giving a great deal.","give.receive.give.receive.give.receive.give.receive.give.receive. teaching, spending time with my kids, thinking about fun trips we will take. thinking about my work. procrastinating. writing. playing guitar, working out. thinking about my next relationship.","i love cinema. i can enjoy everything from kid movies to kubrick and greenaway. i love a good story. of tv i am digging dexter and game of thrones. i like almost every cuisine--and enjoy trying to cook everything as well. my kids, friends, my computer, my guitar, a car, being honest about how things really are, a lover--or is that a friend..?","love, friendship, honesty, intellect, music, speed how to do something fun i have not tried before. figuring things out. telling my kids about all the funny things that happened during my day. listening to their stories and growing intellect.","the world, politics, how cynical decision makers often appear but how hard decision making actually is. seeing many sides of each issue. how to take some things at face value but not all. how funny, revealing and obvious so many things are.","i'm a gamer, a techie and hipster (by association - not really). living it up in true sf style. eating, drinking and being merry! problem solving and i make a mean singapore sling my down to earth nature authors:","the da vinci code, harry potter, iwoz, the darwath trilogy and the physics of star trek","cinema paradiso, serendipity, while you were sleeping, star wars: a new hope, castaway, desperado, the princess bride, monty python and the holy grail, what dreams may come, the final cut, back to the future and donnie darko","dexter, doctor who, fringe, the x-files, bsg, californication, walking dead, eureka, lost girl, the it crowd, house, sherlock and game of thrones","fleetwood mac, eagles, the police, the who, def leppard, bee gees, duran duran, daft punk, chemical brothers, cardigans, aerosmith, afro celt sound system, go-gos, beatles, beck, dave brubeck, movie soundtracks, classical and jazz","well, it seems that after 13 years i am back to single life. my long term, albeit somewhat open relationship status has changed.","when you hear the words, mission control, you go beyond associating \"\"aerospace vehicle flight management\"\".","perhaps you should just message me if we have high friend and or match percentages, want friendship or casual fun. or want to do something creative. or you have an enemy factor of absolute zero. i am kinda curious about that as it happens as infrequently as a 99% match.","lastly, i do seem to have a type for my physical interest. definitely contact me if you are petite, between 5' and 5'5\"\", devious smile with a high iq. and if you viewed my previous profile i am now somewhat wary of the extremes within open relationships. i enjoy playful fun \"\"with\"\" my partner. i view my partner as number one.","movies: notes on a scandal, a village affair, boys don't cry, transamerica, what's eating gilbert grape, tomboy, the little prince, go fish, cabaret, the wizard of oz, burn after reading, fargo, doubt, frieda, lost in yonkers, the goonies, the adventures of tintin, gigola, bully, the girl with the dragon tattoo, muriel's wedding, fingersmith, water for elephants.","shows: portlandia, arressted development, 30 rock, rachel maddow, the middle, modern family, sienfeld, bob's burgers, the united states of tara, absolutely fabulous.","music: florence &amp; the machine, goldfrapp, tegan &amp; sara, kimbra gotye, the kills, the shins, arcade fire, yelle, foster the people, of montreal, sak noel, quadron, bob marley, the yeah yeah yeahs, fun.","food: fruit, different kinds of cheeses (who doesn't like cheese?) custard french toast, french food in general, italian wedding soup! pasta piseli, seafood, sushi. 1. intelligent women","mother, office manager, real estate investor, screenwriter and author. i enjoy seeing stand-up comedy, plays, movies and outdoor activities. friendship is a necessary factor in a good relationship; to establish this requires openness and effective communication. quality time to learn and truly understand a person is paramount. office manager, screen-writer and author.","recently i have written, directed and produced an independent film and am currently working on a manuscript.","my real estate career spans over fifteen years and my accounting administrative career spans twenty years. listening. sharing good-natured humor. appreciating beauty and positivity. eyes, smile, personality. so many books, i love the classics--same applies to movies. i am definitely a movie buff; enjoy comedies, horror, suspense, action--just depends. i enjoy american idol--to see folks going for the dreams. food--italian, seafood, pizza, burgers--the usual good stuff! god","i know everyone says this, but i like to travel -- a lot. i've been to all 50 states and i've filled up two passports. there are still countless places i want to visit - it seems that i just need to fly increasingly far to get to them. generally, i'm drawn to people who are also curious about the world. bonus points if you've lived outside of the us for any stretch of time.","i think this is one of those fake quotes, attributable to no one, but i really like it nonetheless: \"\"every morning i wake up torn between a desire to improve the world and an inclination to savor it. this makes it hard to plan the day.\"\" working at a non-profit that focuses on environmental justice and public health. i'm also volunteering at 826valencia and going to as many free museum days as i can.","i love being outdoors and i'm always up for hiking or camping. i'm less keen on activities that involve carabiners or crampons, but i do love trying new things. scrabble","making french toast i'm not going to say it's my eyes; that sounds cheesy. books: east of eden, to kill a mockingbird, mountains beyond mountains, really anything by nick hornby, edward abbey, jon steinbeck, jon krakauer, jane austen or roald dahl.","movies: eternal sunshine of the spotless mind, motorcycle diaries, 500 days of summer, high fidelity, garden state, shaun of the dead, the big lebowski, amelie.","tv: the office, 30 rock, parks and recreation, mad men, the daily show, colbert, the wire, the west wing, arrested development.","music: according to pandora, i like acoustic sonority, major key tonality, intricate melodic phrasing, and extensive vamping.","you are genuine \",66,-1,\"medicine / health 2012-06-29-16-53 el cerrito, california  straight has dogs  f sagittarius but it doesn&rsquo;t matter  english, spanish (fluently) single\" 28,\"  socially  graduated from college/university just your average guy with a crazy story wanting to expand my network and meet some cool new people. currently working full time and contemplating on the next moves to make. enjoy hanging out with friends, staying active and discovering new music when i'm not working. listening, joking, laughing, eating, learning  currently reading: the tipping point","my last several trips have included nepal, peru, kenya, iran, spain, lebanon, uk, turkey, iran, taiwan, ecuador, and belize. lately i'm digging exploring the bay area (lake berryessa, healdsburg, inverness, gualala) and little unknown parts of the city. i'm finding out that you don't need to go far to have an adventure, and i'm loving that feeling :)","having fun my smile and sense of humor movies: better off dead, ferris bueller's day off, the lives of others, north by northwest, the good shepherd, high anxiety, heat, how to train your dragon, despicable me, wonder boys, michael clayton","music: ingrid michaelson, frederic chopin, franz schubert, nina simone, jem, lily allen, manu chao, kinks, adele, pink martini, rolling stones, john coltrane, ray lamontagne.","love live music, especially jazz... just a few awesome bay area concerts i've enjoyed this year: gipsy kings, natalie cole, marketa irglova, pink martini, wilco, adele, english beat, julieta venegas, diana ross, blondie, roger waters, heartless bastards, ingrid michaelson, mana, death cab for cutie, lisa loeb, duncan sheik, paul simon, cindy lauper, wallflowers.","tv: fringe, the office, awake, arrested development, doc martin, parks and recreation, stephen colbert","books: beyond the sky and the earth, great gatsby, blind assassin, dejame que te cuente, waiting for godot, ender's game, loa being happy","books -- michael crichton's books (particularly jurassic park), scott sigler's books (particularly infected), and others that don't immediately spring to mind. at the moment, i'm in the middle of glamorama and i'm enjoying it!","music -- i generally listen to a mix of totally plebeian and some more obscure stuff. favorites include: crutch, sender, and syracuse by pinback; a good portion of jupiter one's songs; working for a nuclear free city; yppah; crystal castles 2008 album.","food -- as a college student who can't cook at all, my diet consists largely of toast, peanut butter, and cheez-its.   probably something boring and school related!","tejano, mejicano, banda, salsa, bachata, r&amp;b, hip hop, house music my sorority sisters (lmao don't hate!)","movies i'm not huuugely bothered about but i'll watch most things. i like the hannibal films, monty python, team america, leon, johnny depp, brad pitt (the usual). oh and i love withnail and i.","music: the shins, beatles, rolling stones, brand new, mark knopfler, green day, counting crows, romantic and modern classical stuff (esp dvorak, britten, copland)","also, i'm good at meeting deadlines: i set deadlines for myself to do stuff. it's a 1-person game: do x by date y. done. yes, i won!!!!  magazines: nat'l geo; practical photography; sunset","foods: curries; coconut; avocado; meat, esp. beef and raw fish; vegetables, esp. potatoes; anything else tasty.","sports: jogging, hiking, caving, rock climbing. i get on gym equipment if i'm stuck in a hotel that doesn't have a pool. my dog - perfect size, perfect temperament, perfect everything, except for the fur shedding. she's from guatemala (peace corps), but never learned spanish. she knows english and used to know some commands in k'aq'chikel.","my camera - i love putting effort into getting a really nice picture. time flies when i'm lost in that.","travel - it's my way of getting into and out of my comfort zone at the same time. i started in high school (exchange student twice), and i get a \"\"big trip\"\" every year or two. last year: 2 weeks in haiti and a week at my old peace corps site = best trip ever! this year: a month in australia and new zealand = my first trip to a 1st world country in 11 years. everything's expensive! (update: cheaper now that i got an australia groupon and am hooked up with some couchsurfing hosts.) prior trips incl.: kenya, cambodia, haiti x 2.","remaining items - family, clean drinking water, trash cans on the street, good healthcare and a generally decent government, and anything else that i might miss when spending a period of time in a 3rd world country where those things i generally consider \"\"basic\"\" are hard to come by.","afternoon naps!    you enjoy the outdoors, travel, and relaxing. also, if you have your own outdoor hobbies that you'd like to share. or, if you enjoy eating at ethnic restaurants and trying foods you haven't had before.","probably most importantly: you should have common sense. also, i tend to get on best with people who get things done, rather than those who only talk about what should be done.","i listen to this american life, radio lab, marketplace and fresh air on npr and read about man's mess and wonder.","in addition to aforementioned iconoclasts, i also identify with bill hicks. i see his work as inspiring, compassionate and (above all) realistic. his shtick makes me feel understood. check out the documentary, 'american', by his family and friends and if you can appreciate how easy it is to enjoy then you can understand the kind of person i am and, perhaps, my gallows' humor of wonderment, disappointment and bedazzled faith in humanity: that we'll keep puttin' in work- being so very interesting.","i listen to jazz, blues, pandora radio stations: neil young- harvest, neko case- blacklisted, miles davis- kind of blue and stevie wonder (yea!) and howlin' wolf... i like lt3- luke thomas' trio. there's more, but really- c' mon. i figure it's best not to get carried away. i'm not here to make lists, just friends- good friends, i think. [ok fine- andrew bird and israel kaanoi kamakawiwoole.]","*the car. my love affair with personal transport started early; i still feel lucky to be able to go somewhere the moment i have the desire. it's a luxury i don't take for granted.","*6 hours of sleep. any less and i get fuzzy around the edges and look all merle haggard. while staying up all night has a lot going for it when in good company or getting all 'task master' on some project, i know too much about how lack of sleep makes me feel to ignore this too often.","*good friends.... familiar \"\"well, duh\"\" factor, i know. honestly though, people i love who i haven't even met yet make me happy- and the ones i may never see again do too.","the relativity of time and space... wondering if time and space should be combined into a single phrase and if so under what circumstances, exactly;","the brilliance of the unconditioned mind and the various binding qualities of one of its corresponding attributes- unconditional, universal love; the divine feminine principle;","sometimes i'm not thinking much of anything and that's really nice- keeps one from stepping on their own toes.","recently i've been daydreaming about the kinds of people i'd like to get to know (but haven't yet) and found myself wondering if this is supposed to serve a real purpose. i look forward to finding out what that is! enjoying the whole world, for it is my oyster. dinner with friends at someone's place with a bottle of wine, sometimes a movie. pretty much, you know, the same as a bajillion other people. amazing disclosure: all my body mods are accidental. and surgical. as in 'surgical intervention', not cosmetic.","i skip questions that offend my delicate sensibilities, like those that strike me as maddeningly stupid or some that touch upon traditionally private matters. that's actually what got me one of the last of the ratings on the sub-section: questionnaire question refusal.","despite how many times the okc robot says i need to care about the questions, i don't. you want to hang out- as in not date. i make a good friend if that's your kind of thing; i understand some people can't understand why i'm here to make friends but if making friends is one of the reasons you're here then that's gotta stand for something. i don't like to get on a lot of social networking sites so this one will have to do the trick for now.","i enjoy hiking mt. tamalpias and a few regional parks in marin and sonoma counties, playing pool up in petaluma (or at any decent bar with a table, really) or going on a photo journey. loud, crowded places aren't my cup o' tea- unless lt3 starts playing beckett's pub again- i can take an hour or so of a buzzing place but after a while the nerves get frazzled. this means i will never go dancing with you and your fabulous, fun friends no matter how much you all enjoy yourselves.","since (it turns out, according to the profile-mill) people have really bad ideas about communicating their needs over the internet and have confused 'casual sex' with 'activity partners', i've taken the 'activity partners' check off that box even though i'm keen to enjoy the company of people who are like-minded. don't let said absence stop you from saying hi. really, i mean it.","message me if you understand why a fake mustache or a common infatuation with disgusting beer might not actually be a reliable source of pride. additionally, i think a circle of friends that doesn't act like a hall of mirrors sounds good and that loving others' differences makes way for genuine respect.","my golf game has improved over the last couple of years, and i can see a path to it getting even better.","it is not easy to predict the qualities a good match for me would have, but it's great if you are outgoing, authentic, and active. i like children, so if you have kids that is a positive in my view. i enjoy spending time with my sons when they visit. a very important but hard to characterize criteria may best be described as mutual chemistry. meeting for coffee is probably needed to see how that works out for both sides.","i can see taking you to movies, hiking or otherwise exercising together, going dancing, trying out local restaurants for dinner, going to concerts, taking weekend trips to a variety of destinations, and also just relaxing.","a recent obsession: getting juiced. as in, taking advantage of my housemate's newly acquired juicer to get what she has dubbed a \"\"hot beet injection.\"\" before that, i was drinking way too much fancy coffee from sightglass and bluebottle and became a nervous wreck throughout the morning...i save that for the weekend now when i wanna get real crazy.","movies: david lynch, orson welles, wet hot american summer, pee-wee's big adventure, kiss me deadly, metropolitan, band of outsiders and le mepris, point break (i have a soft spot for homoerotic '80s action films, what can i say), my own private idaho, wes anderson and pretty much all the '60s cult classics he ripped off.","tv shows: twin peaks, the state, the daily show and colbert, tim &amp; eric awesome show, i am alan partridge, the golden girls, catherine tate, that mitchell &amp; webb look (i really enjoy finding obscure british comedy), i recently got turned on to adam curtis' documentaries and they are blowing my mind.","music: the pixies (best live show ever), radiohead, kurt vile, bill callahan, neko case, jens lekman, sufjan stevens, kings of convenience, miles davis, metronomy, tom waits, siouxsie and her banshees, the go-betweens, cass mccombs, sparks, mulatu astatke.","i do like food, it's true. especially sweet fresh heirloom tomatoes and shishito peppers (respectively). i like to try cooking things that i eat in restaurants, which i am getting better at. 1. inspiring friends","6. the state of california why obama follows the bush doctrine. also, if i met a sexy vampire boy would i let him give me immortal life...i am a woman of profound thought. these days i tend to like dinner parties with close friends or a movie or something similarly boring. i'm not the weekend warrior i once was... for second grade talent show, me and a friend choreographed and performed a dance number to bruce springsteen's \"\"i'm on fire.\"\" you've got it:","outside of the 9-5 grind, my hobbies include playing hockey, hanging out with friends, traveling, cooking (poorly), hiking, and going to shows. i'm a pretty sarcastic person, and definitely click with people that have a good sense of humor and are not overly sensitive. currently working full time while having as much fun as possible, interested in seeing what fun adventure life will throw at me next. many things i think?","now let me tell you what i hate. vegetarians and vegans, that's what. she might be the hottest thing since marilyn monroe on a cow, but if she won't put said cow in her mouth (after it is properly cooked, of course), then she can ride said cow into said sunset.","now, onto the things i like to do for fun. this is the paragraph where i'm supposed to tell you about all the obscure music and movies that neither you nor i have never heard of. so let's skip that bullshit and cut right to the chase: i like to eat food, drink beer, and listen to really popular music that everyone knows. every now and then, i like to watch a movie (or a \"\"film,\"\" for all of you uptight hipsters that i don't want to meet anyway). i also think my little pony is a great way to pass time on a saturday afternoon.","my weird chihuahua that comes everywhere with me. her name is helena food...all the rest of that is bullshit. see above. hmm...for all you lame-o romantics out there:","6. seriously though...helena. when she dies, i will take her to a taxodermist...if you have a problem with that, get out now.  -learning how to dive","brand new to the online dating experience, but thought i would give it a shot since a lot of my friends seem to be having fun with it. moved to the bay area a fee years ago - all settled in now and looking to make an awesome era out of this new year! finding the bright side of any situation.","making a mess in the kitchen. :) my hair and eyes       \",68,-1,\" 2012-04-30-19-47 walnut creek, california  straight has cats  f taurus and it&rsquo;s fun to think about  english single\" 25,\"a little extra mostly anything often sometimes dropped out of college/university east bay native, big-time nerd, highly analytical. hedonistic tendencies.","i am a expert in the fields of cognitive dissonance, language and computer programming. i'm scuba certified, a startup co-founder, open source contributor and probably the most laid-back person of all time. co-founder of a healthcare-related startup in sf, which takes up most of my time. lucky for me, i at least get to work from home.","outside of work, i spent a healthy amount of time drinking with my pals (maybe a bit more than is healthy...), cooking and tooling around on my bike in el cerrito and berkeley.","i live alone in a sweet house in el cerrito and play loud music all day long. it rules. i am well versed in:","star trek i wouldn't really know. my immense charisma and magnetism? huge fan of p.g. wodehouse, george orwell, stanislaw lem, douglas adams. i read foreign affairs, the economist, harper's and hotchickswithdouchebags.com","music: deep house, bluetech, zero cult, kool keith, boy robot, velvet acid christ, sunn (((o, shpongle, aes dana, phutureprimitive, the nautilus project, alpha&amp;omega, tom waits, tons of experimental electronica nobody has ever heard of drugs, sex, money, guns, cars, biting sarcasm what it would be like to rule my own little island banana republic. i've always had a dream of being a brutal, totalitarian dictator. it sounds fun.  some people are embarrassed about being a big nerd... not me! you can tolerate an extremely dry sense of humor for extended periods of time.","if you are familiar with frank chu and his 12 galaxies literature, awesome.","i love international travel--always open to new experiences. travel highlights have included salsa dancing in cuba, safari in tanzania &amp; kenya, hiking volcanoes in indonesia, scuba diving in palau, staying in a yurt in inner mongolia, backpacking in the canadian rockies, textile shopping in guatemala, caving in belize, visiting mayan sites in honduras, teaching in israel, studying spanish in costa rica, traveling in mexico (chiapas, oaxaca, morelia, guanajuato, kayaking in baja.","places i would still like to explore: thailand, south america, prague, italy, new zealand, turkey, zanzibar, and more! come dance with me and i guarantee we'll have fun. i love swing/blues dancing like a 3 minute romance in a dance!. just learning salsa rueda and tango.","i can put up a tent in 8 minutes and can pack for a weekend trip at the drop of a hat. i seem taller than i am (good posture), curves in the right places, curious, warm, helpful, optimistic. i enjoy live music (acoustic, folk, classical, bluegrass, funk, gospel, swing, jazz), have been to jazzfest several times and try to get to strawberry every year. i love seeing live theater, musicals and performance art.","addicted to treme, the wire and downton abbey. favorite movies include: whale rider, harold and maude, young frankenstein, 101 dalmations, my life as a dog, purple rose of cairo, il postino, ponyo, hugo.","shows: parks and recreation as well as arrested development are some that i like. i don't watch too much t.v. - only because i don't have cable not because i'm necessarily opposed to it.","music: i'm pretty open. i love bluegrass to hip hop although i've never really been a huge fan of heavy metal. sorry if that's a deal breaker...i'm sure slash is a really nice guy:) chap stick","i love going to the movies or watching them at home. favorite films include better off dead, aliens, die hard, blade runner, a clockwork orange, and mad max.","i don't watch a ton of tv. some favorites are snl, buffy (anything whedon really), the simpsons, community, and breaking bad.","music is my chief passion/obsession in life. wether i'm listening to it or playing it. i like a wide variety of things, everything from patsy cline to public enemy to black sabbath. i love to go to record stores and dig around in the vinyl sections looking for treasures. 1 my family","i adopt new hobbies often. most recently, this has been banjo playing and quilt making. i am thinking of getting into butter churning to complete a 'little house on the prairie'-esque trifecta.","i'm generally a positive, good humored guy. i try to be as athletic as possible. enjoy taking some swings at the batting cages, snowboarding, wake boarding.","as for movies there are so many but my few of my tops would be, pulp fiction, gladiator, casino, se7en, and back to the future.","food i guess you could say i'm more fond of the traditional american food. steak, hamburgers, chicken, pizza, etc. 1. family","and of corse... my friends the future...and whats to come it all depends..... sometimes im out gettin hyphy, or a chill night in with friends and housemates or just me chillin im more affraid of you than you are of me...i promise you want to have some fun :) hispanic / latin, white\",69,-1,\"other 2012-06-29-15-00 oakland, california  gay likes dogs and likes cats agnosticism and laughing about it f virgo and it&rsquo;s fun to think about sometimes english (fluently) single\" 31,\" strictly vegetarian socially  graduated from college/university oh hey what is this over here, the internet?","this is dating.","i am looking for a partner in crime so that we can go rob a bank and maybe murder some people. seriously, why do people keep looking for partners in crime? are you all crooks in here? where is the law abiding dating web site? being in planes, being out of planes, typing stuff, thinking about stuff, telling people stuff, asking people stuff, driving around, walking around, standing around, speaking languages.","i know where to get good vietnamese sandwiches. that i'm a jerk, that i'm awesome, aloof, oversharing, a hipster, a nerd, a hippie, anti-social, too social, that i don't fit in, that i fit in too well, etc. authors: i use my eyeballs to read these and my brain to not be able to figure them out. i keep them in bags. but maybe i'll throw them away, woah woah","hesse - narcissus and goldmund, siddhartha, steppenwolf","nabokov - despair, invitation to a beheading, lolita","fitzgerald - great gatsby, pat hobby stories, winter dreams (short story)","jd salinger's short stories (especially the inverted forest)","movies: i use my eyeballs to look at them. i have hundreds of dvds in my basement. do you want to go there","music: i use my ears to listen on to some of this business right here up in this area. nobody looks at my youtube links, so hey. here are some.","awesome bros","these guys keep gates","70s moog","if i could dance like this i wouldn't need this stupid web site","hardcore","hero","old school","great aesthetics","supercrush","she must be burned!!!","the crime is loving the forsaken","if you can show me something i've never heard i will be very pleased with you. but you can't stop me from listening to vocal trance all day if i feel like it.","vegetarian vietnamese, thai, south indian, american mexican, burmese, lanesplitter, and gnocchi. that's what i eat.","also about whether there's mold in my walls that is slowly killing me and/or turning me into a swamp monster. hmm. this guy. look into your heart. my penis is just huge. i mean...it's disgusting. god, i'm a monster. you don't take the world too seriously (but will let me).","you are attractive, sassy, and think you are awesome. if you don't think you're awesome or attractive, please figure out why you are first. oh and you're slender. sorry.","you can go ahead and not message me if you \"\"only have male friends.\"\" i'll save you some heartbreak: they want to sleep with you!","movies: the wrestler, the social network, the hangover, superbad, the girl with the dragon tattoo (still need to read the books)","music: black lab, five for fighting, florence and the machine, linkin park (newer stuff), the script, adele, needtobreathe","other: sf symphony, performances at the art and orpheum theatre, the de young and legion of honor museums asics kayano running shoes","want to laugh out loud? come, meet me. my jokes will set you rolling on the floor. my eyes and my legs make me stand out. what follows in the list is my smile that can set everything, even your mood. i own my company work on exports/imports from brandy's around the globe. soccer, jokes, having fun and dancing my eyes, my smile, my shape. eat pray and love by elizabeth gilbert, fifty shades of grey by e.l. james, da vinci code by dan brown, art of war by sun tzu, bossypants by tina fey, new york to dallas by j.d. robb.","as far as movies: la vita e belle by roberto benigni, avatar, titanic , the dark knight, star wars: episode iv - a new hope, shrek 2 , e.t.: the extra-terrestrial, star wars: episode i - the phantom menace, pirates of the caribbean: dead man's chest, the matrix reloaded, etc, etc","as far as shows: i like friends, the three stooges, the real world, american idol, the office, gilmore girls, m*a*s*h, the sopranos, sex and the city, seinfeld, saturday night live, etc , etc","as far a music: turn me on by david guetta featuring nicki minaj, we are young by featuring janelle monae, paint it, black by rolling stones, heart-shaped box by nirvana, promise by usher ft romeo, pitbull, neyo, beyonce, adele, etc, etc","as far as food: turkey &amp; dressing, texas bbq beef brisket, southern fried chicken, shrimp cocktail, mac &amp; cheese, chocolate chip cookies, chimichanga , steamed maine lobster, bowl of chili, chicken pot pie...around my favorites but i also eat","#2 my friends     white\",63,-1,\"banking / financial / real estate 2011-08-01-20-34 san francisco, california  straight  judaism f  no english single\" 27,\"   never  ...a simple person alwez ready to have fun","i am honeylyn,cute, and pretty daily routine... goin to work,after work relaxing at home watching tv,movies,eaiting,cleaning the house,go to the gym.sometimes hang out with friends. singing,dancing...wut am really on the look out for is someone hum i can talk with..one hu wouldnt be runnin out of topics to chat about.one hu listens n shares his own views wit me..one hu isnt so hung up that he can get down n laugh at himself.one hu isnt typical...sum1 hu thinks out of the box.real ppl.n 1 hu makes me a better person.","..one hu makes me feel like \"\"home\"\"...wut do i mean? one hu'd make me comfy in my own skin, one hu wudnt judge me rather listen to the reasons and see the real honeylyn easily attached to patients under my care,and easily cry at any sentimental moment. love songs,r&amp;b,classic,jazz i am not","...a quitter about my plan before i'll do it..i'll make sure that i can do it... with my friends i wlll be...","* &amp; fooooooooooood , yum :]  i love to watch netflix movies &amp; cuddle wid my dogs &lt;3 i loved to cuddle &amp; hangout wid friends , party and yes homewrk as well , hehe . this is my first time doing this . b nice &amp; i`ll b nice back to yu . yu want too , i dnt mind . &amp; i`ll try my best to get back to ur message . asian\",62,-1,\" 2012-06-30-00-08 daly city, california  straight has dogs  f leo no english single\" 27,\"fit anything socially never graduated from college/university i'm sexy asian tgirl i'm","let's start off with a hi how are you. i really don't expect you to read my whole profile but if you got this far.... kudos and a hand clap to you. i walk to my car every morning hoping i didn't get another ticket for street cleaning day.","i am daydreamy, academic, and outdoorsy by day, i teach small children to be scientists. i don't think i could enjoy it more.","i also love to do, learn, and create. i rock climb and hike a lot, but never enough; i read (and read and read); i dabble with things like watercolors and ukuleles. -explaining science","listening my hair. it's red, and there's a lot of it. books: i read copiously (just ask the library about my overdue fines) from a variety of genres. i have soft spots in my heart for young-adult fantasy novels, british murder mysteries, biographies of dead queens, and well-written books about evolution.","movies: i like films that are visually stunning, clever, or artsy. if i could only watch three for the rest of my life, though, i'd pick trevor nunn's \"\"twelfth night\"\", the beatles' \"\"help!\"\", and \"\"when harry met sally.\"\"","food: my specialties when cooking are pseudo-thai curry, roasted vegetables, and pie. when i eat out, i especially like indian, deep-dish pizza, or noodles stir-fried with delicious things. also very chocolately chocolate ice cream. -a library card","both old-school hip hop and a good country song get me going (de la, tribe, and whoever sings \"\"tequila makes her clothes come off\"\").","i hate puzzles... and surprises. i studied nursing and worked several years as a pediatric and public health nurse before going back to school to study developmental cognitive neuroscience, got two (or three?!) years until i complete my phd.","but... i could never do research forever, i love being engaged with all different kinds of people and experiencing diverse situations and circumstances. i think that's why i enjoyed being a community nurse and working with people in their homes, and why i get so much satisfaction working with families: everyone is so unique with such different needs, it really connects you with the humanity in people...","once i graduate i want to work with children with developmental disabilities and their families. i don't know exactly how i want to \"\"do\"\" this yet but i know what that would probably feel like when i find it, if that makes sense... parallel parking","lazy weekend brunch my ears? books - lonesome dove, the border trilogy, all hemingway, the sense of an ending, tinkers, prodigal summer (who has my copy?!)...","movies - grosse point blank, bull durham, rushmore, the big lebowski, all the president's men, casablanca, cinema paradiso (never watch the director's extended version, just ruins everything), casablanca, annie hall","music - linda ronstadt, the band, van, mos def, tribe, the black keys, wailing jennies...otis, marvin, dusty, 60's girl groups...","food - clean, local, light, but also the classics; bagels and lox, poached eggs huevos rancheros, oysters, braised anything, fava beans, carol's mazo ball soup, fresh summer corn... sunday nyt and npr","infinity and the universe - if we're here on the earth, and the earth in a galaxy, and there are lots of galaxies....where is all that, what contains it?!?! aahhhh, it drives me crazy! showering after a work-out and frantically getting ready trying to make happy hour with friends...or in the lab...or taking some time for myself after a long week i eskimo kiss my cats... you're looking for a partner in crime...","...you actually have something to say or some real sense of why we should both take the time to meet up/ get to know each other...i really don't have time for okcupid fishing...","you would like to talk more...i'm a little shy/slow to work up to messaging people so by all means, take the lead!","other things about me: i am sort of obsessed with monks and competitive cooking shows. not really obsessed, but if there were a television show in which monks cooked competitively, i'd be all in.","my favorite smells are cucumbers, toast and wet pavement. i am an excellent car singer. i'm not into conspicuous consumption, but i do like boots.","i am a fan of pinball, coffee, certain fonts and carmex. i love pedicures and brunch but have both rarely to keep them special.","i prefer spontaneity to plans. if i make plans, i will keep them. i am always learning something. i'm learning how to cook and am doing some research for the novel i just started. i would love to learn how to surf. i would look ridiculous doing so. i don't care. it looks like fun.","currently i am arranging a vacation to sweden in may, raising my kitten, bean, whose not the huntress i thought she was, but is nonetheless ferocious. trying my best to be a techie and failing miserably. slinging meat, going out for rides as much as i can. spending time with friends, searching for my other 1/2 (i know it sounds cheesy but it's true) cooking (at least i think so).","telling really funny stories. (mostly at my expense) i guess that would depend on who's looking. precursor; this list is just off the top of my head. i have so many more books/music/shows.","how long it's gunna take to renew my passport i attempted to make a list, but this seems kind of silly. (just add the previous profile list here)","6. all clad and le creuset pots/pans: i love to cook! the future and my next adventure. i need a decent mix of everything. i need my alone time, friend time, party time, bar time, library time, gym time... it's all essential. bars in the mission or on lower haight make me happy. ...i'm addicted to liquid eyeliner. you like coffee? great i'm addicted to coffee.","i love being active, and like the idea of spontaneous adventures, having ideas and manifesting them, in the moment or thinking long term. whatever, but i like to live with possibility and the belief that i have what i want. don't get me wrong- it is a real carving to really know what we want.","i need someone who knows how to laugh and loves a good heated debate, while also knowing when to stop and make sure love is what is being bred. i sometimes need a big hug at the end of my day, or a hot bath.","i want a passionate soul who can speak up for what they believe in and will defend my sweetness instead of insult it. i need a man who loves nature and will pull me aside and knows how to get what he wants.","i am committed to living a spiritual life, meaning that i live in an inquiry toward spirit, though am not committed to organized religion.","i'm building a community of people that support and love me and that i love and respect. i'm thinking of how to best take care of the family i come from, with a mind's eye toward a family that i want to create.","most recently, after graduating from my masters program in may, i am currently building a working schedule that works for me, while having fun in the city to see what can happen here in the summertime without school! having a vision and working with people to manifest that vision realizing i may be working too hard","driving ok i finally asked one of my friends, who had me try again at this internet dating \"\"option\"\". she says that i am \"\"very energetic with a sweet demeanor. an approachable balance of warmth and wild.\"\" i'd agree. people also seem to think that i am steady and balanced mood wise, which i think is only a form of my maturity, and they haven't yet rowled me into a passionate fire quite yet. this takes time, sometimes;) newest book by anne lamot. i stole it.","i don't watch tv, though i kind of envy people that know about whatever is new on hbo. apparently i spend time writing here, so i can sit this long. otherwise i'd rather stretch than sit.","i love food, though i am a healthy type- brown rice and salad with avocados and roasted veggies is a staple of my diet. on the whole i cook for myself for most of what i eat. i love finding a good fresh piece of wild fish, making up a recipe, making a good pasta sauce, and love fine wine. i won't lie- i love fine food, and if i am not cooking for myself, which is most often, i want someone else to cook for me even better. 1. a comfortable bed and pillows, soft sheets.","what i can eliminate from my schedule taking space for myself in whatever fashion i feel like. my biggest strengths are the portals to my vulnerability. you are looking for a relationship,","or are interested in meeting me. white\",67,-1,\"student 2012-06-21-23-37 san francisco, california  straight likes cats christianity but not too serious about it f scorpio and it&rsquo;s fun to think about  english (fluently), spanish (poorly) single\" 30,\"thin mostly anything socially never working on college/university i'm me. what more do you want?","like pretty much everyone else, i hate these boxes. i can not be adequately summed up in boxes. but i guess i can try :)","i'm kind of a dork/nerd. i enjoy reading, knitting, watching movies, and hanging out with my pets. i enjoy watching sports, but not playing. my favorites are (sharks) hockey and football. i'm always down for a good cup of tea. i love the beach and hiking. i'm fiercely loyal to my friends and family. i love my family and we're all pretty close, so i try to spend as much time with them as possible :d i consider my pets family. i am human mom to a dog, cat, lizard, and snake.","i guess i also work on trying to be a better human being on a daily basis. it's always a good plan to work on bettering yourself. no one is perfect. love. loyalty. laughter (i frequently think i might die laughing, and it's a risk i'm willing to take.) cuddling. being shy, being flawed, collecting stuff, making myself sound like an idiot, and being socially awkward and awesome all at the same time. i guess i should add being self-deprecating to the list.","movies: this is a long list. the social network, secondhand lions, pay it forward, juno, eternal sunshine of the spotless mind, the goonies, hook, big fish, scott pilgrim vs the world, empire records, finding nemo, the lord of the rings trilogy... to be continued later.","shows: i'm a glee addict. doctor who is kind of a religion. love firefly. i don't really watch much tv anymore, unless netflixing things i want to watch counts.","music: love it. as long as it doesn't suck, i'll listen to it or at least tolerate it. examples of what sucks: justin beiber, that rebecca black song","food: is delicious. mexican is amazing, italian is fantastic, japanese is great, sweet things are good all the time... calories are good for you.","i wonder what used to be on the site where only foundation remains. i wonder how tall that tree is. hey, neat, a rock! wonder what it is. what to do on my day off. places to explore. places i would like to travel. i wonder about really ordinary looking things that i walk past every day and wonder if anyone else ever thinks about them too. toes.","i think about animals i would like to own someday, and ways to improve the lives or cage set ups of the ones i already have.","right now? college. university. decisions. apparently filling out essays on okcupid when i should probably be studying for finals.","ocean air  happy to be home with my feet up!   white\",62,-1,\"medicine / health 2012-06-28-12-18 menlo park, california has kids, but doesn&rsquo;t want more straight has dogs judaism f  no english (fluently), spanish (okay) single\" 33,\"average mostly anything rarely never graduated from college/university i was on my way to los angeles from portland, but landed in san francisco. it's too cold, so i'm heading to san diego next week.","this is why guys generally don't put in the effort online because it goes nowhere. sure, i could talk about how funny i am, how smart i am, how i have an amazing little boy who has truly taught me about unconditional love, how i go running in gg to clear my mind, eat at hole in the wall places, how i come up with a new get rich scheme every few days (obviously i'm still trying to find the one). i could get into all the ways you would be lucky to have a guy like me...but you don't care about any of that. its all about the pics.","i'm an artist by trade mainly do water coloring and some mural work. i'm seeking new friends and connections and am open to whatever else manifests.","being outdoors is a huge part of my life so someone who is open to exploring with me would be ideal. someone who is also artistic or supportive of my art would be wonderful. currently working on my art projects and having a blast with my friends. acrobatics/ water color/ oil paint/ acrylic/ yoga hm, my crazy hair! books: the giver. lolita. lord of the flies.","i love to travel, play sports, stay very busy, and spend time with friends and family. i have interests in politics, religion, cars, sports, all the guy-stuff.... i hope you do too :) i spend most of my life outside of the house, either working, spending time with friends, playing sports, running at the gym, or taking road trips.","open to all kinds of music from tejano to klezmer. currently have animal collective, nick cave and 16 horsepower on repeat. trees,","im a big believer in alternative medicine, in fact i rarely see allopathic doctors anymore. that doesn't mean i wont date a doctor! i try to eat only organic and teach my children the same. i'm a true \"\"greenie\"\" but i dont impose it upon others, though its much appreciated!","other points of interest include: the ability to drive a car while eating a burrito, despite never having done so.","also the thing i said about the burrito is a lie. i've done it before, and i'll certainly do it again. i love what i do. i'm a career musician, and i managed to find a corporate job that utilizes my unique skill set. navigating the internet. this thing is here to stay. i look funny, but i'm not. considering this overhaul of my profile i'll just say this: i enjoy anything that makes me think. 1) numbers","6) okstupid this profile and how much i hate it. weeping in a corner while listening to hanson. my whole life, i've been in a huge rush to meet \"\"the one\"\", but now i honestly don't care when it happens. there's a lot of life to live and you're not really living if you're waiting around for someone else to make things better.","i'm the oldest of five. yes, five. it is loud, busy and involved, but i wouldn't have it any other way. family (and friends) are what make life worth while.","i also grew up pretty outdoorsy (think atvs and horses), so i'm not shy when it comes to anything that calls for a ponytail and jeans. working a mostly enjoyable, financial-ish job while trying to figure out what it is i'm \"\"meant\"\" to do in this life. which is hard since i don't particularly believe in \"\"meant to be\"\". but still, i've got a few ideas; we'll see how they pan out.","i sing and play piano in my spare time, mostly as an escape from excel spreadsheets. this year i'm singing in the sf symphony chorus. it's been a pretty cool experience. i just auditioned for next season, so keep your fingers crossed. picking the shopping cart with the broken wheel. it's a talent.  tv: mostly, i think it's a waste of time. i make an exception for the don draper show.","books: here we go!... i love to read. i'm a founding member of my current book club. i read mostly fiction and a lot of it. kafka on the shore was the latest book club accomplishment, next up is travels with charley. i'm a nerd at heart, so some favorite titles include: hitchhikers guide to the galaxy, dune, lotr. and, like any good nerd knows, winter is coming. on the girly side, i love barbara kingsolver and jane austen. i also love bill bryson.","music: a strong yes on most everything, especially when it's live! i like listening to the \"\"indie rock\"\" station on pandora but can never remember the names of the bands and remain unable to relate to hipsters, which is tragic. i like hipsters. i was thinking about starting a hipster watching group in sf. sort of like a bird watching group, where one observes the subject in a natural environment and writes down defining characteristics like man scarf or fixie.  42  =) i don't have to be rich to be your girl","movies: hitchcock (rebecca, family plot, marnie), wes anderson, david lynch, david fincher (i think i've watched zodiac at least thirty times), quentin tarantino and most anything on criterion. i love watching movies, that's all there is to it.","tv on the internet is a blackhole. i find myself in it sort of often. six feet under, weeds, parks and recreation and of course law and order.","music: yeah yeah yeahs, bikini kill, best coast, ofwgkta, x, mac dre, the kinks, sex pistols, the knife, beach house, amy winehouse.","food: i'm open to anything, but burritos, pho, and pizza are my favorite things to go out and eat. friends","summertime, and being barefoot. usually at a bar i frequent with people i usually frequent said bar with. i however am down to stay at home and relax or whatever else comes my way.  you take pride in being a nice person, don't take yourself too seriously and want to have fun.","i'm also good at making an ass out of myself just to get a great picture. my laugh/smile. my favorite book right now is water for elephants, i just finished reading it and i have to say that i found it to be wonderful.","as for music, i'm into most everything. i'm a firm believer that music can compliment any mood that you're in. a few old school faves are blink 182, eve6 and lit. when i'm at the gym i listen to either 80's cardio, rock hits, or hard rock strength.","movie taste is also all over the place. like i said, i dig romantic comedies and action. a few of my all time faves are: the green mile, empire records, dazed and confused, shaun of the dead, pineapple express, zack and miri make a porno and hot fuzz.","as for tv shows i love the walking dead, top gear (american), ice road truckers, biggest loser, how i met your mother and grey's anatomy. i know i've left out a couple but those are the top :-) my dog","people i cherish stay close to my heart and many have known me for over 25 years. teaching in a public school is difficult but i don't know many people who love there job as much as i do. i am the youngest of three amazing older sisters and you can see each of them in me. my sisters are great friends and my friends are like sisters.","exploring foreign countries, music, and spending time in nature invigorate me. i have lived, worked, and studied in many different places: mexico, columbia, indonesia, cuba, thailand, nicaragua, peru, chile, brazil, and scotland to name a few.","i'm the girl you can take on a date to a taco truck in the mission, camp in big sur, mingle at a fancy party, or dance to some great music.","health is a priority. i love running, bootcamp, skiing, swimming, hiking, and just about any activity that gets my heart rate up. if you're brave, i have some new recipes that taste delish and won't require use of a defibrillator.","urbanite? sure. however, healthy doses of the outdoors are required at regular intervals to keep me sane. -teaching an amazing group of hispanic children in a great school in san francisco.","i am a hopeless romantic. i really try to believe the best in everyone, and i hope for the best in myself. i regularly tell people i am the luckiest person i know.","i use 1980's phrases like \"\"keen\"\", \"\"rad\"\" and \"\"badass\"\", and i am told i have a rather peculiar vernacular. i really enjoy talking...in fact if i am nervous i talk even more. i really love useless, but interesting trivia.","i adore traveling and taking risks as much as possible. i enjoy the rush i get by being pulled out of my comfort zones as well. my favorite places i have visited are paris, dubrovnik, sicily and hong kong. i have lived in richmond, va, baltimore, md, right outside of dc (gaithersburg), and now silicon valley.","i am actually an introvert, but being in high-end sales and acquisitions for years, i have learned how to carry on engaging conversations with practically anyone, so most people actually think i am super extroverted.","sarcasm is a critical part of my life, and i greatly value wit and cleverness. i enjoy \"\"creative swearing\"\"... anyone can say \"\"shit\"\", but \"\"misanthropic fuck-tard\"\" is a lot more amusing, and most likely more appropriate.","summer 2012 update: just finished publsihing a tmnt comic, and i am working on some robert crumb recipe cards to debut at the san diego comic-con in july. i will be moving from mountain view to san francisco on august 1st, 2012.","since moving to the bay are in summer of 2011, i have worked hard to lose weight...i got over 200 lbs (holy poop!) 2 years ago, but now i am back in the 170s. i really like taking walks, especially with my mutt, who has adorable heterochromia iridium (which, i am told, is a very groovy mutation).","favorite music: whatever pandora throws at me...stations include: save ferris, pink floyd, moe., bollywood, explosions in the sky, adele, rush, slough feg, john williams and johnny cash.","tv shows: afv, mxc, snl, st: voyager, the league, it's always sunny, firefly, eastbound. i don't have cable, and have to hook my computer up to an old projector to watch any tv, so i usually only get about an hour of television in a week, typically downloaded and zero ads. hated ads ever since i won a tivo in an essay contest back in 2000. 1) bay area burritos","boobs. like the ones that are 98.6 degrees. ...wondering where the week went. thinking about what pair of pajamas to wear. trying to remember to turn off the alarm clock so i can sleep until lunchtime on saturday. dining out is pretty neat. i also have a bunch of super-smart friends who slum it with me, and remind me of how peculiar california can really be.","my idea of a great date is a 6 hour conversation with zero pretense, comfy shoes and possibly skee-ball or mini-golf. i'm not really a \"\"club-hopping\"\" person, but honestly don't mind if you are. i actually like to be left the hell alone sometimes, so i can walk around in my underwear and read cracked.com like it's important journalism. i'm lactose intolerant. thankfully i can take these funny little pills and eat most anything with cheese on it. ice cream or sour cream absolutely destroys me though. gross!","additionally, i have the ability to sit, work or drive in absolute silence. no radio, no tv...nada. it's kinda freaky to some people. you have dark/black hair. i swoon for ladies with bangs.","\"\"normal people\"\" falling down, masturbation and the way the previous owner of the segway company bit the dust. white\",69,-1,\"sales / marketing / biz dev 2012-06-29-21-58 san francisco, california doesn&rsquo;t have kids, but might want them straight has dogs agnosticism and laughing about it m virgo but it doesn&rsquo;t matter no english (fluently), french (poorly) single\" 58,\"athletic mostly anything rarely never graduated from masters program one person, one vote - this is california, right?","woman wants manwhere you at? tall glass of water would like to meet a man with a healthy thirst - for complementary connection - and, you know, sharing. if you're 50 - 63 (give or take a few), that's ballpark. i was hoping to have tripped over you by now, but either our timing is off, or i'm far too graceful; i suspect the former. i am mostly enjoying it, but don't i miss some things!","i've saved a place for you, you should know... don't the lists mush together &amp; become rather similar?","adventure? yes, please....i do love hiking (favorite hike swap?), bicycling, travel, walking around, dancing, camping, a game of chess.","swimming, tennis, softball (city league, slow pitch) reading, writing, music composition, scrabble, language, puzzles...always open to learning something new. that i am a woman...did you not see 'desk set?' some books i've enjoyed:","as you can see, most are fiction, but my tastes are a little more varied than the list might suggest.","n.b.: i sometimes must leave public venues because of the music - i seem to be strongly affected by crappy music.","tastes definitely run spicy. never is a strong word the utter lack of accountability for the vicious, relentless criminal acts committed by the corporate/political entities of our time","how to make more time for fun things! what day are we on? i hate barry manilow it suits you -- vita brevis, &amp; more so all the time.","but i'm beginning to lose my looks, so don't wait so long. white\",70,-1,\"education / academia 2012-06-24-15-13 berkeley, california  straight  judaism but not too serious about it f cancer but it doesn&rsquo;t matter no english, spanish, french (poorly) single\" 26,\"     you seen battle royale? 12 monkeys? labyrinth? i'm like that. you can be however you want, but i'm like that.","i'm new to san francisco - though i was born here, i was raised in the midwest. in the last few years, i haven't stayed anywhere for more than nine months. i think this last move is final. i'm studying for the bar.","music: woody guthrie, baltimore club, pavement, oval, coltrane, prince, madlib, and youtube.com/watch?v=voprzaia9iy. honey, plant babies, bike, pen, cast iron skillet, my trusty knife. life, liberty, happiness, lox, bagels.  i lost a bet with a friend, so i'm required to respond to every message sent to me. also, i think the beatles' \"\"revolution\"\" is where my parents' generation went wrong. terribly, terribly wrong. you are queer-friendly","like surprise haikus asian, white\",72,-1,\" 2012-06-29-20-39 san francisco, california  bisexual likes dogs atheism m scorpio  english (poorly), chinese (poorly), spanish (poorly), other (fluently) single\" 50,\"thin mostly anything socially never two-year college i am an attractive, fun, smart and energetic gal who enjoys sporting events, cycling, sailing, golfing and dining out. i am just as comfortable in a little black dress as i am in a pair of jeans and a baseball cap.","i have two grown boys, one who is out on his own and one who still lives at home and is attending college full time.","i love to travel and have been fortunate enough to visit some great places over the past few years. i have a great sense of humor and can be very spontaneous at times. i love to laugh and i enjoy being around family and friends.","my ideal match would be someone who has a passion for life and doesn't take himself too seriously. he is honest, confident, adventurous, playful and has a great sense of humor. he also works hard but values balance in his life.","i do not respond to profiles with no pics. no exceptions!! also, if your pics are not current, please do not contact me. i try to live each day to the fullest and each day like it is my last. i laugh/smile several times a day even if it's at myself. my life is full of happiness, peace, generosity, and compassion.","i have a great job that i enjoy and am fortunate to have great co-workers. my life is good. i can't complain. i'm really good at listening and being there for my friends. i am very dependable, honest and a great communicator. my smile.","that i don't look my age. enjoy all genres of music and can appreciate almost any kind of food. too hard to pick just one. =-) family","chocolate you... =-) no friday is typical. if i admitted it then it wouldn't be private.  hispanic / latin\",66,-1,\"sales / marketing / biz dev 2012-06-29-20-35 fremont, california has kids straight likes dogs christianity f leo no english (fluently), spanish (fluently) single\" 45,\"athletic  socially  graduated from masters program i am a midwestern transplant (from chicago) with old-fashioned values such as honesty and sincerity, but now love everything the west coast has to offer. i'm laid-back, easy going, and fun!","i am very active and love to explore. i find adventure in almost anything. what i would like most is to have someone to enjoy that with and even more importantly, to make a deep connection and explore intimacy.","what i think is important in a relationship is support, kindness, love, and affection. i am romantic; love to give and receive surprises and flowers, and do the little things that let's my girl know how special she is.","as far as personality, i'm basically pretty quiet and on the shy side at first but also willing to take my clothes off in public (a big risk-taker general). a dichotomy i guess. trying to get all i can out it-traveling, meeting new people, trying new things. i just moved to sf area to improve my social and employment situations.","obvious from my handle, i live for adventure, new experiences, thrills and challenges. some hobbies are mountain biking, fast motorcycles, snowboarding but i also enjoy just the peace and quiet of being in nature.","besides keeping active in several sports, i like to dabble in creative outlets such as photography, writing and art.","i'm educated and try to keep myself informed about what's going on in the world (kind of an npr junkie) but also listen to loud music when i bike. dichotomy, again. bicycling...and i'm good with my hands.","most everything i try (not to be conceded). i'm very driven to succeed at anything i do. my eyes (if i'm coming) and my butt (if i'm going). books: enjoy true-life adventure stories, non-fiction, humor, \"\"the four agreement\"\" and \"\"open heart, clear mind\"\" (spirituality)","movies: thelma and louise, the big lebowski, the man who wasn't there (most coen bros in fact), lord of the rings, out of africa, borat, the motorcycle diaries (wish there were more good ones out there to list).","i also think about plans for future adventures...and women of course. i don't know what would be a typical friday night...but i do usually find something fun to do. i often eat chips or cookies in bed. i am new to the area and i would like to meet new friends to show me around (anything from nightlife to nature to culture).","really though i would like to meet someone who captures my attention and is interested in actually getting together.","my type is fem or fem-sporty. equally important is self-awareness...judgemental women need not respond. white\",65,-1,\"science / tech / engineering 2012-06-27-04-27 orinda, california  gay   f  no english single\" 66,\"fit mostly anything socially never graduated from college/university i am retired from sales of business telephone systems and","i like to spend leisure time outdoors walking or taking care of the yard, being with friends, spending time with my 13-year-old niece. i watch very little tv - only a news show and possibly charlie rose, depending on who is appearing. i like travelling to a warm climate once a year (i've gone to puerto vallarta the last three years) and car camping. i would like to try kayaking. i'm considering getting a keyboard and playing piano again.","managing my finances they might notice that i'm interested in people. a movie that made a lasting impression on me is \"\"an inconvenient truth\"\". i loved seeing it because i learned so much from it and i came away with an understanding of global warming that i would not have had otherwise.","right now i'm reading \"\"tuesdays with morrie\"\". my friends, sunshine preferably every day, the outdoors, laughter, hugs  there is no typical friday night - i could be doing anything.  you feel like we could be friends.","looking for a casual encounter. white\",65,40000,\"retired 2012-06-17-20-16 oakland, california  straight likes dogs and likes cats christianity and laughing about it f pisces and it&rsquo;s fun to think about no english, french, spanish (poorly) single\" 33,\"average strictly anything socially  graduated from college/university i'd like to think i'm a pretty normal guy. i'm not extraordinary in any way but i love ordinary; it gets such a bad rap in my opinion. my life's really simple, and honestly not that interesting; it doesn't take much to make me happy.","it basically means that i give a lot of thought and care to what things are, why they are, how they look, and the relationships between all those. it also means i'm a very visual person.","i love everything about film. i still love the experience of going to and watching in a old theatre. i hate that liking old films or foreign films is interpreted as snobby. i feel like there's so many great movies i haven't seen yet, so i'm really into older stuff, but i'm also down for new releases too.","i try to get out of the u.s. as often as possible. i enjoy breaking my daily routine and being out of my element, it forces you think think about everything taken for granted. in may 2010, i spent my month-long sabbatical all over japan. i've also been to thailand, vietnam, scotland, and briefly to various spots around europe.","more and more it seems like the most important thing. since hitting a milestone birthday, i've tried to change my lifestyle and behave more health consciously:","organizing. anything and everything. maybe that i don't look my age. wait a minute, people wouldn't notice that until after i've told them. hmmm, i've been told that i look too serious. i guess that's my natural facial expression. it's a curse. books:","i love murakami. i really need to branch out though. i've read other authors of course...mostly classics. i'd like to read more.","i love all kinds, but especially stuff from the 50's and 60's. pta, aronofsky, coppolas, fellini, fincher, godard, hitchcock, kubrick, kurosawa, malick, nolan, ozu, truffaut, wkw.","i'm not a hard-core foodie, but i definitely appreciate a good meal. i don't think good food has to be expensive, or from a fancy restaurant. i eat all kinds but i tend to like asian cuisines: chinese, japanese, thai, vietnamese. i enjoy trying new foods and discovering good restaurants. - jellybeangummy","all those in no paticular order. yes there is more but if i listed everything we would be here all day ;)     white\",68,-1,\"computer / hardware / software 2012-06-29-12-07 san mateo, california has a kid, but doesn&rsquo;t want more straight   m scorpio and it&rsquo;s fun to think about  english (fluently) single\" 53,\"fit  socially sometimes graduated from masters program hello! and welcome to my world; do come in and have a seat. do you want something to drink?...","i'm looking for...fun? adventure? warmth? shelter from the storm? a comrade or sister in arms? a lover? a bff? yes, all that but of course i have firm boundaries and limits too, like i most want a solid part-time relationship, not a full-time thing leading to marriage or more kids type of thing. i am independent yet flexible, and would make a wonderful mistress, even if you are not involved in any kind of relationship ;-p","i'm...more wry than funny, casual then made up, experimental then rote, outward then inward, more perspicacious than dim, more sensitive than objective (nah, maybe that's not entirely true!), forthright instead of obsequious, initially more skeptical than trusting, more lucid than abstruse, more straightforward than recondite, more idealist than pragmatic (as much as i deny it!)...","i was born in the midwest (oh), but have spent over half my life in the sf bay area (and sonoma co), so i have both the farm girl (i can seriously milk a cow!) and hipster urbanite blood within me...on second thought, probably more nerd than hipster...but i'm comfortable in both locales and proud of those quite mixed roots.","in the meantime and currently back-burnered: wanting so very much to do some traveling! i am fulsomely embarrassed that i have never been off this continent yet. where shall we go? i'm open to just about anywhere, but i want to visit the netherlands sooner than later (i'm dutch)...who knows, i may never want to return to the us.","trying to live more simply. seriously. tired of the rat race to oblivion. wanting to shed my white amerikan mantle because it's a legacy and not me. trying to be not just green, but super green. trying to declutter my life.","work? oh yeah, i work; academic environment (grad school) -technology - instructional design - training...and i work hard and sometimes even too much.","books, etc.; suffice to say i am a voracious reader. on the novel side; just finished william boyd's any human heart (nearly cried when i was finished with it)... will in the world, genghis khan, the orientalist, gal...lots of cookbooks. lots of them, which i use for reference, mostly...love my new yorker magazine...and i like to read about quantum physics too (yeah; highlighting physics is really going to get me some action, right?) what have you read lately?","music-wise... fleet foxes, matt nathanson, goo goo dolls, dispatch, james morrison, imogen heap, the who, snow patrol, jason mraz, dave matthews, wilco, regina belle, junip, tom petty, nickle creek, the beatles, rascal flats, tower of power (just saw them in oakland a month ago; great concert!), soundgarden, chili peppers, shawn colvin, stone temple pilots, patty griffin, tired pony, the stones, patty griffin, sara evans, the roots, katy perry, virginia coalition, owl city...the list goes on and on! beauty","why many of the people i am drawn to on this site say that they like doing the ny times crossword puzzle (or reading it) in bed...(there's something about being smart that turns me on!)","music i am into mainly classic rock, punk, indie and soul big bob dylan, grateful dead, johnny cash and neil young fan but i also enjoy the subhumans, iggy and the stoogies and circle jerks. 1. my cat baloo","6. family/ friends  usually hanging out with friends or my coworkers at a dive bar relaxing after a long day of work. i crush on iggy pop. you like eccentric personalities. white\",63,-1,\"other 2012-06-30-00-11 san francisco, california doesn&rsquo;t have kids, and doesn&rsquo;t want any straight likes dogs and has cats  f taurus yes english single\" 19,\"average  socially sometimes working on high school my name is ben and i'm a senior in high school.","i've been in a couple long relationships and i'm looking for something not too serious before i leave for college.","my political views are very liberal. hoping to go into a career in sports management or broadcasting after college. i'm also extremely interested in politics so i may look at a career in politics either as an elected official or a campaign manager. i'm pretty good at math, making people laugh, and giving back rubs.","oh and i know the lyrics of almost all the songs you will hear on the radio. people usually notice that i smile a lot, i'm tall, and that i'm usually pretty upbeat. oh man i have a lot of favorites so i'll just choose a couple:","rocking the shake weight. saying english words 'n' names in weird ways (comfortable - come for tah blay).","being on time. i tend to smile. and sometimes my pants. internet radio - bossa nova stations, movie soundtrack stations, quiet storm (oh yeah, oh know you like it).","have you ever played movie roulette? you go to the movies and watch whatever's playing next - i've seen stinkers this way (lovely bones) and was surprised by others (earth).","prince, quesadilla, hamburgers 1. computer","6. caffeine (now trying to use decaf coffee half the time...) songs get stuck in my head way longer than i welcome them to. work it harder, make it better do it faster, makes us stronger more than ever, hour after our work is never over ....mwuwhahahahahah fun fun fun fun looking forward to the we-ah-kand!"," any old cartoons from my childhood: like transformers, g.i. joe, batman the animated series, tmnt. also, newer cartoons like spongebob, transformers prime, etc.","definitely like action, horror, sci-fi, drama, comedy, foreign... anything with a decent story really.","i enjoy american food (hamburgers, steak, fried chicken), italian food (pizza, fettucine, pesto), japanese food (sushi, tempura, beef/chicken teriyaki), chinese food (broccoli beef, fried rice, orange chicken, coconut shrimp), indian food (lamb, chicken maharaja), peruvian food (papa a la huancaina, bistek, etc.) 1. iphone","i have awesome friends. books: fiction - exit to eden, god of small things, the bell jar, the electric kool-aid acid test. non-fiction - embracing the beloved, destiny of souls, true love, power of now, a general theory of love. also, poetry - hafiz, e.e. cummings and sylvia plath.","movies: i'll go see anything if it's in 3-d. not a movie critic, pretty impressed with any full-length film, on principle. steer clear of guns, action flicks, and slasher-movies. faves are annie hall, leaving las vegas, lost in translation, synecdoche new york, and some old kid classics like the last unicorn, the neverending story, dark crystal and labyrinth.","music: joni mitchell, david bowie, cat stevens, john denver, mazzy star, butch walker, venus in furs, x ray spex, simian mobile disco, gold chains, junior boys, yeah yeah yeahs, daft punk, the knife, the faint, isolation years, elliot smith, ida, into another, brand new, coheed &amp; cambria, audioslave, metallica, black sabbath, aerosmith, scorpions, iron maiden, skid row, beau nasty. not at all ironic, any of these.","food: i'm pretty much vegan and try to eat healthy. besides the aforementioned predilection for orange soda. i could eat thai food every day. burritos, too. 1. my bed","i would like to meet someone that is open-minded without being super liberal and crazy. the current definition of open-minded is sort of a free-for-all and i don't view it that way. i would say i'm more of a moderately conservative person in some ways but i definitely have my wild and spontaneous side. i'm a bay area native currently living in the east bay but originally from the city. i'm in the technical field (who isn't!) but am currently considering a return to school for a masters degree and a career change.","i have two teenage sons and i love them dearly but once they're grown and gone it's gonna be all about me! lol they don't need a dad but someone that is teen-friendly would be a welcome addition to my life.","spoken word poetry (hearing)","hanging out with friends and family","i am awake, aware, and significant spending far too much time trying to tactfully tell people that the word they are looking for is converse and not conversate. spelling, listening, learning. if they met me on the internet first it's usually that my pics don't do me justice. seriously i've heard that a few times. in person...my smile or my birthmark...depends on the person i guess... i can give you genres but i'm not a person that has true favorites. something may be my favorite at the time and then i may not be able to recall the title or author at a later date.","books: most sci-fi although fantasy not-so-much. stephen king. i will read non-fiction (e.g. self-help) occasionally. urban fiction.","music: i like music. i like going to see live music. i like dancing sometimes. i don't love music like i have to hear it daily or it has to be on whenever i'm in the car and i don't really have too many favorite artists or bands. i guess i like mostly neo-soul, old-school r &amp; b, gospel, christian, and \"\"other\"\" as far as genres i listen to most often. by \"\"other\"\" i mean that i like random songs from probably almost every genre of music except death metal or something like that.","you desire a friendship that could lead to a long-term romantic liason black\",63,-1,\"computer / hardware / software 2012-05-04-08-41 oakland, california has kids straight likes dogs and dislikes cats christianity and very serious about it f scorpio but it doesn&rsquo;t matter no english single\" 28,\"athletic mostly anything socially sometimes graduated from college/university i've been told i am an extrovert but i feel like an","experiencing life from one spontaneous moment to the next. i just graduated (may 2012) from uc berkeley with a degree in chemical biology. preparing myself for life outside academia, i am focusing on my career as a chemist and whatever path that may take me on.","friends while we complain about how our faces hurt from laughing so much. running, chemistry, soccer, riding horses, riding motorcycles, making a fool of myself and laughing about it, dancing my ass off to some heavy bass (i didnt say i was a good dancer though) i'd like to say something about a physical attribute i was born with but honestly it is probably all my tattoos. once people are past the tattoos i would say my height, my genuine smile and my blue eyes. books: anything by chuck palahniuk","movies: wedding crashers, fight club, pineapple express, das leben der anderen, gladiator, american psycho, natural born killers, fear and loathing in las vegas, requiem for a dream, science of sleep, etc","music: by far my favorite band is tool. for me tool's music is a spiritual journey that is tailored to each listener in a different way. i like pretty much anything maynard is in. overall i like all types of music from marilyn manson to mozart. however, i am not much of a fan of top 40 stuff or country. i love electronic music. most notably artists such as, glitch mob, bassnectar, adam freeland, r/d, david starfire, mihkal etc. 75% of the live shows i go to are electronic music, particularly shows that make me wobble and pump my fist in the air at the same time."," share the same taste in music and think it would be worth showing one another our sick dance moves","i'm independent, witty and punctual i don't know, trying to get by like the rest of humanity cooking, sarcasm, snowboarding, dealing with shit, motorcycling is exactly what i'm thinking (aka my lack of poker face) cheese, wine, mexican, homemade or out and everything but thai ipod","if you're an adult white\",63,-1,\"medicine / health 2012-03-31-23-29 san francisco, california  straight has cats atheism f gemini no english single\" 40,\"a little extra  socially never  looking for a good time, life goes by fast not to enjoy it to the fullest meeting new people, traveling and enjoying life kissing, playing sports, making decisions, taking charge not sure on that one. you will have to let me know favorite book - starwars bounty hunters","i am honest, loving, loyal, supportive, adventurous, nurturing, fun, social, hungry for culture, travel and more! life is too short so i make the most of every situation, have a good time and always have a positive outlook! i'm cruisin' for now. i work in the graphic design industry as a production artist who primarily specializes in packaging. i've been doing this for over 10 years now and i still love it!","hula dancing is my main hobby that has occupied more of my free time than usual this year. i also love going to kick boxing classes at the gym.","some top movies: big business, love actually, the island, resident evil movies, underworld movies, matrix movies, stranger than fiction, under the tuscan sun","some favorite shows: the lion king, billy elliot, wicked, cirque de soleil, aisha tyler, angela johnson, kathy griffin, miami ink, project runway, abdc, sex in the city, that 70's show, himym, weeds, entourage, united states of tara, chopped, iron chef america","music: phoenix, airborne toxic event, foster the people, the black keys, oasis, smiths, the strokes, gorillaz, la roux, santigold, citizen cope, thievery corp, stephane pompougnac, federico aubele, gotan project, tommy guerrero, black eyed peas, beastie boys, gwen stefani, john legend, alicia keys, adele, sade, maroon 5, jason mraz","i believe that we have the power and strength to manifest anything that we put our mind to. i believe in synchronicity and cosmic connections. from a young age i was brought up studying and practicing vedanta under the guidance of h. h. swami chinmayanandaji both in india and the us. i strive to incorporate eastern values and traditions with western openmindedness.","i'm looking for a man that honors and respects his indian heritage but is also worldly and appreciates other cultures and traditions as well! i love to shake a tail feather! afro samba anyone???","i'm a happy and thoughtful person who has a pretty low threshold for bullshit. this means i am pretty upfront with people, and it's easy to tell how i'm feeling. besides that, i like making inappropriate jokes at generally inopportune times, but then am charming so everyone feels at ease with my occasional awkwardness.","my friends know me as funny, honest and supportive. i have a few really really close people in my life, but i also like cultivating a wide group of friends.","i was born and raised in san francisco and am still deeply in love with the bay area. other places are super great too, and i like going to visit them, but this place.... it's my home. work hard, play hard. the food industry has a way of pushing you to extremes: if you're meant for it, you run with it...","i work in a small kitchen, sweating and swearing. nothing feels better than knowing i help make really great food that people love.","besides that: yoga, bike rides, cooking at home, and laughing too loud at bars. saying how it is. i believe in honesty above most other things.","crossword puzzles, fried egg sandwiches, high fives. i'm a sassy motherfucker. my bookshelf looks like: murakami/kerouac/mccarthy/kesey/robbins and then bauman, berman &amp; other nerdy sociology books.","my playlist of the moment looks like: fleet foxes/blonde redhead/arcade fire/coltrane/brian jonestown massacre/local natives &amp; animal collective","weed my next step in life to get further drankn, smkn, kickn it n gettn money. i dnt make plans cuz they dnt go as planned  you about you and yours, have something goin for yoself and b about yo money black\",67,-1,\" 2011-10-08-09-24 oakland, california  straight   m   english single\" 63,\"thin  socially never masters program press release, bay area, ca.","a new woman has joined the dating scene, classy, world traveler with flair. slender, green eyes, loads of dark hair and a smile that lights up a room. she is described by friends as smart, creative, gracious, youthful, occasionally goofy- but her children will not divulge the details...and \"\"a great friend to have\"\". marketing professional, photographer, poet, loves to cook, used to hit a decent tennis ball... equally at home in the country or city.","i take the most pride in being a amaging mother to my junior. she's involved in several activities, doing great academically, perfict attendance in school. second, which is just as important, i'm a excellent provider for myself &amp; my family. i'm a natural leader. i'm confident in the decisions i make &amp; i know i have what it takes to lead my team to victory! every time!!! idk, my dimple?  1. god! without him i would be lost","3. my family. were very close. i talk to or see my mom, grandmother, aunt &amp; cousin daily. i have a wonder full support system &amp; lots of love.","6. sadly my cell phone vacations. i want to see more of the world! i take 1 big vacation each year. october 2010 i stayed a week in hawaii, may 2011 i stayed a week in florida. i'm plannin my next big 1 june 2012 for my 30th birthday.","i don't have any friends who are in position to be able to vacation with me so when i travel i take my junior with me &amp; we go!","one last thing, my time is extremely important to me. the person i involve myself with will have to respect my time, if your more careless with yours were not going to be comparable. definate deal beaker.","im looking or a man to build a friendship with and hopefully turn in to something serious/long term. i want to go on movie, dinner, coffee, breakfast and/or lunch dates, different events in the area, try new activities, etc. i want to find someone i enjoy being around and i want to see all the time &amp; vise versa.","favorite music r &amp; b like jill scott, anthony hamilton, lauryn hill, kenny lattimore, floetry, janet jackson, the whispers......tito puente, celia cruz, hector lavoe.....the roots, nas, common, kanye west, talib kweli....... 1. my family.","there's a question for you to answer, which animal would you have been happy to be if you hadn't been a human?","i guess i see myself as developing and growing. relationships help us to do that, and they add to our lives in so many ways, so i hope to find one that does - someone that i make a good team with. i work with others well, sharing responsibilities, encouragement, ideas, goals, affection and laughter to name a few things. i am very loyal, loving and giving to those around me.","i am very active, hike, work out, dance and jump around whenever possible - cosmopolitan nature girl, just at home in a museum in ny city as a tent in the mountains. i like to dig in the dirt and sometimes things even grow. i love to travel and discover new places, there's a never ending supply of new places to explore around here. i haven't traveled far away as much as i'd like and hope to do that more in the near future. i have been to europe, mexico and canada. of all places i loved the french alps the best so far.","i have 3 wonderful children who don't need me much anymore and have their own lives ( i started early) who are a joy to me every day still. helping teenagers grow and succeed. i'm also remodeling my house which has been lots of fun so far.","and believing in love at first sight - just in case.... almost anything i set my mind to, well maybe not statistics class... my job, dancing, playing the piano, being a friend and a mother, cooperating, cooking some stuff, especially breakfast, meatloaf and lasagna - building snowmen, snuggling, scrabble, listening and kissing they say my smile and dimples. books; anything by laura esquivel, the little prince, patterson","positivity, island, the beekeepers apprentice - other authors:milan, george sand, margaret atwood, shakespeare, rod serling, kundera, james agee","yep, just a few things, i'm kinda simple like that. that i know something about everything and a lot about nothing.","if you are a glass half full person, excited about life and discovering all it's wonders, energetic, curious, adaptable, spontaneous person, please contact me because that describes me pretty well. i like to look at life with childish glee, and i make it fun. engaging in life by volunteering and staying active. at making people feel included and introducing folks to each other. good at breaking the ice so to speak. i am tall and thin. mars and venus starting over, by john gray. a practical guide for finding love again after a painful breakup, divorce, or the loss of a loved one.","there are so many fantastic books and movies out there but this one helped me the most to move on (\"\"getting over it\"\") the lord","i'm a scientist, and i've taken a new job that has me situated in the lower 48, new to the bay area (and online dating). much of my job is running around in a little boat mapping the seafloor, creating nautical charts. i respond to whatever ruffles up the water or lurks underneath threatening safe navigation, too. i really like water, and am thankful to live near it, work on it, and play over / under, inside out of it.","i didn't take the usual route in life. i'm a journeyman. i've been a bunch of places, enjoyed a few adventures; been there and back again. i am proud that i'm not a wishy-washy guy that talks about what he would like to do, what could be, what's over the rainbow.","i've paid my dues, worked my way through school for a computer science degree, and then topped it off with some graduate work in remote sensing. after college i promptly toughed it up in alaska for ten years working in the field, three of which living off the grid in a floating cabin, and another four serving aboard a 321 foot ship conducting hydrographic survey.","i ended up a working professional, responsible for expensive things and trusted with the safety of others.","my friends tell me to mention that i can ride a unicycle and juggle at the same time. they say girls dig that, but my circustry is a deeply personal thing -- like maybe something i might do on the fourth date.","lastly, i grew up with artist parents who encouraged creativity. to this day i appreciate the simple joy of making things. i draw a lot -- mostly cartoons. i've drawn hundreds of them, most published in odd rural alaskan papers or scientific journals. i make music, too, but not very well. basically i understand creativity is a big part of life, and frivolous, joyful expression is just as important as all the serious scientific mumbo jumbo i surround myself with daily.","if you've read this far, i hope you'll go a little further and make an introduction. i feel like time's a wasting -- and there's so much more to do! let's chat soon. kickin' butt. being noticed. it's like an unwanted super power. maybe it's just my bad posture, but it seems i can't blend into a crowd very well. an awkward shyness that quickly dissolves into pure rapture. welp, i make my own music, i draw my own cartoons, written my own books, and i make my own videos. i'm an entertainment mogul of one. you, you, you, you, you, and you. :) providing you're the right one. my next move.","i like to get out in the outdoors when i can including hiking and car camping but am far from a survivalist. walking at the beach or on a trail with my dog, car camping or spending the day at a lake are more my speed.","movies/shows: firefly, dexter, in plain sight, law and order, castle, being human (brit), rescue me, united states of tara, sunshine cleaning, all harry potter movies, freaks and geeks, shameless (brit).","i read alot of books so it's not fair to just name a few. i recently discovered downloadable audio books at the library which has increased the volume and variety of books i consume. this discovery has also led me to enjoy fantasy books i never thought i would like. dave eggars, augusten burroughs, isabel allende, lisa see are a few of the authors i read regularly. i'm a sucker for coming of age stories. my awesome friends","music why people act the way they do. what new craft i want to try. what it was that i wanted to look up a few minutes ago. dragging myself out for happy hour, live music, a friends reggae dj night or dinner with a friend. occasionally i'll chill and watch a movie and be ok with not running around. i broke down and got my dog a fleece jacket. i swore i would never dress my pet :(","shows: mad men. friends. friday night lights. arrested development. and obviously, the bachelorette.","music: joshua radin. the head and the heart. snow patrol. ellie goulding. john mayer. the format. mat kearney. maroon 5. ben folds. passion pit. edward sharpe &amp; the magnetic zeros. amy winehouse.","movies: drive, gladiator, dumb and dumber, chinese and korean movies (with netflix-quality subtitles), studio ghibli films","shows: arrested development, big bang theory, modern family, community, bob's burgers, and parks and recreation","music: john legend, deadmau5, foster the people, alex clare, afrojack, frank sinatra, temptations, lauryn hill, kaskade, lupe fiasco, empire of the sun, 60's-90's r&amp;b...","food: homemade, japanese, chinese, and protein-rich food family, friends, goals, music, exercise, a kitchen generally, i think a lot about how i can improve myself mentally and physically, how to enjoy what i have and appreciate the ones around me, and what i want to learn or try next. getting dinner or drinks with friends somewhere in the city. i'd much rather laugh and drink at a bar or lounge than spend the night in a sweatbox, although i do occasionally venture out to the clubs.","food: eggs benedict and waffles are two of my favorite brunch items, cuisines of the world that utilize sauces and spices, fresh fruits and vegetables, raw fish and oysters, perfectly seasoned, tender, flavorful, medium-rare steak, ripe avocado","you don't need to be extroverted, but i am attracted to people with charisma. above all, i am looking for someone with whom i have great chemistry. i don't want to waste your time or mine- if you think we might click, message me- if i think we might click, i'll message you, and we can arrange a time and place to meet.","also, rather importantly, i love dogs- sadly, i am allergic to cats. to be honest: having cats is kind of a deal-breaker. if you don't like dogs, i might not like you. seriously... who doesn't like dogs?!?!","if you describe yourself as \"\"sarcastic,\"\" i probably won't be into you. i am sincere and genuine and think that one ought to mean the things one is saying unless they are absurd or hilarious. \",64,-1,\"other 2012-06-29-15-18 oakland, california  bisexual likes dogs  f leo and it&rsquo;s fun to think about no english (fluently), spanish (okay) single\" 59,\"thin mostly anything not at all never graduated from college/university i'm sophisticated, intelligent, attractive, eclectic ~ one of a kind.","generous of spirit, compassionate and supportive, i dance to the rhythms of my own heart and i honor my intuition and trust my instincts. the motivating factor in my life has always been love.","i live close to the city for the energy and cultural opportunities it provides, but being with nature is something i will always need...the silence and solitude of a redwood forest and the deep darkness of a country night. what i'm doing is manifesting the man who will walk this path with me. making others feel comfortable. making people laugh. lighting up a room. being present in the moment. intuiting people and situations. my blue eyes the short list ~","anything toni morrison. isabel allende. arthur clark. \"\"endless body/timeless mind\"\" by depak chopra ~ all of the \"\"lives of the mayfair witches\"\" novels by ann rice. \"\"atlas shrugged\"\" by ayn rand (i know! diametrically opposed but compelling just the same)~","avatar. cape fear (original). like water for chocolate. coming home. the godfather trilogy. the french lieutenant's woman. apocalypse now. everything is illuminated. kill bill. goodfellas ~","springsteen, aretha, otis, leonard cohen, celia cruz, smokey, stones, michael jackson, dylan, counting crows, garth, emmylou, sade, meatloaf, lucinda, israel kamakawiwa'ole, james blunt, steve earle, steely dan","french, fusion, northern italian, sea food...i once ate a whole 4lb lobster! friends i can count on, wild things that can't be tamed, unbridled laughter, dogs, flowers, and most of all, the man described below. this man...","you bring me flowers, just because. you watch me when i sleep and you think \"\"i am a lucky man\"\". you give me enough space to be myself and you enjoy me for who i am, and it's all mutual. together we are confidants, lovers and best friends. i don't really do typical anything. what do you do? here goes...","i am humble, grateful, and blessed   enthusiasm and hair reggae, ragga, rock, rap and such  the cosmos   don't take my kindness for weakness... white\",68,-1,\"medicine / health 2011-07-18-20-00 san francisco, california  straight  atheism m leo but it doesn&rsquo;t matter sometimes english single\" 35,\"average strictly anything socially  graduated from ph.d program hi, my name is tim. welcome to my profile.","i grew up on the east coast, and came out to berkeley for grad school. after spending a few years here, i fell in love with the bay area and have decided to stay for good. i decided that the combination of weather, people, and nature was worth far more than better pay elsewhere.","now, i want to settle down and start writing a new chapter of my life, hopefully with someone who shares my view of the world. after an enjoyable stint as a government scientist (yes, this does mean white lab coats, latex gloves, and beakers), i am now incubating my own start-up. this is both exciting and scary at the same time. everyday i wake up and feel energized, but sometimes the challenges seem daunting.","i've started to meditate about two years ago, and i find it helps with my stress. now i meditate regularly. after much scientific experimentation, i can make the perfect soft-boiled eggs without a fancy french water bath. the trick is to prick a hole on the blunt end, and carefully putting it into the boiling water. by using a timer, the eggs can be cooked to the same done-ness every time.","or perhaps i'm being too cynical, and this question is only trying to find common interests between people to start a conversation. in that case, here is some splattering of my favorites:","currently working for a high school's mental health services department smiling. a lot of people seem to be unaware of the power behind a genuine smile.","besides my family and friends, my most valuable possession is my well-tattered passport. i put a strong emphasis on exploring the world beyond our borders, acquiring a broader picture of life &amp; culture. my favorites so far- rwanda, iran and tibet. although now more interested in putting down roots than wandering abroad, i make the best of my vacation allotment and get myself to a far flung locale each year.","i am in a great place in my life. i've been around the block a couple times, learned some lessons- some easily but many the hard way- which i value immensely, and now am ready to apply them. i am ready to move forward in my life, partnered with a best friend and lover, and focus on building something together.","although with grand aspirations, i am still learning in the cooking department. i find it unrewarding to cook alone, especially when in a city full of so many amazing restaurants. but i have learned that with a good knife, the right ingredients, and the right partner, i love the challenge.","regarding those 'amazing restaurants', i love everything from the off the grid trucks through a fine meal on the town. if it has a little spice, even better. best is if it is enjoyed over good conversation with friends. laughter","i will do my best here to offer you a snapshot, or perhaps even a zoom-in view of myself and my world. i do this knowing that there is no substitute for what happens in real life - you know, like when two people are close enough to actually sense each other.","i do know that engaging in live, two-way conversation feels much more real to me than describing myself to you this way, but here goes.","my friends describe me as passionate, playful, expressive, and adventurous. i'm all about my next adventure and i have a big appetite for life. i aim for a combination of routine and spontaneity in my day to day.","i'm fortunate to posses a natural buoyancy toward life. i've cultivated that by being pretty vigilant about watching my mind and not necessarily believing the stories it likes to generate. there's often quite a gap between 'story' and 'reality'. as byron katie likes to say: \"\"reality is always kinder than the story we tell ourselves about it.\"\"","i get along great with kids because i still have a lot of kid left inside me, but i have also graduated to full adult-hood. i pay my bills on time and don't make too many messes in life. (well maybe some intentional ones, like when i'm finger painting with chocolate pudding)","i love being a girl and all that it entails. whether that means dressing up for a special event, or having full access to my emotions, i wouldn't trade it. having a reason to dress up is a big pleasure, i also like a day in my pj's every now and then.","i especially enjoy the unique polarity of masculine and feminine, it's such a rich and unique alchemy. what i'm drawn to in a a man is his quiet confidence and his depth of presence. someone who's comfortable enough in himself that he doesn't need to pretend, posture, or impress, but can simply be the man that he is. secure enough that when he's feeling something he can share it honestly. at home in his body and naturally affectionate. extra plus if you're familiar with tantra and/or taoist practice.","my vision for my next relationship is one that is very dynamic, engaged, and a lot of fun. i'm drawn to connecting with those who are relatively free from the residue of their past so are free to live, act, and make decisions from today.","we all have shadow, and one of it's favorite places to show itself is in deeper relationship, but when there is space to welcome that, and even curiosity about it, i find it moves along pretty quickly.","i keep discovering that what matters most, is less about what i'm getting, than how i'm contributing, and i strive to have a positive impact whenever i can.","i'm definitely an extrovert since i really enjoy people, i also need some down time to hang with myself.","although i love children, i'm probably not looking to have any, but i sure like playing with them. i wouldn't rule out relationship with you if you're a dad, so long as you've also got time and space for another significant relationship in your life. spending time with my friends.","growing and developing my business. i've been an entrepreneur almost my entire life. dancing, one of my big pleasures","for whatever it's worth, i consistently hear that i'm more attractive live than in the pic's. guess there's something that just doesn't quite capture when the camera's flashing. oh well... lars and the real girl is probably my all time favorite","go through cycles of reading novels, lately mostly when on vacation and long plane rides. i'd subscribe to the new yorker if it came monthly, not weekly. otherwise they just end up in a pile, waiting to be read and then out-dated. one day...","i love good, and varied food, a delicious meal is one of my favorite ways to slow down, savor, and relax. one of the great perks of living near san fransisco, is you can sample the world's flavors. dancing","how the world got so out of balance and what it might take to restore it. with friends, dancing, seeing a show, hanging out, relaxing if we laugh easily together, and you enjoy affection,"," accomplishing what i set out to do my eyes, and my smile... people tell me they notice my warmth and vibrant energy as soon as we meet. they say i have a certain **sparkle**, and something that makes everyone feel instantly comfortable.","can't tell you how many times i've been told that i look exactly like their ________. (sister, cousin, neighbor... feel free to fill in the blank.) i've heard everyone has a twin, but for some reason they all seem to look like me! music is one of my greatest passions!!! i admit i can't sing...and i won't mind if you think that's funny. i love movies and theatre. i prefer to listen to books, but i do read them once in a while. i eat very healthy, but food can be an adventure in itself! besides the basics = fresh air, food, water....","**i admit that it wouldn't be as much fun without my gadgets! ...how lucky i am to have this life, and how much more fun it will be with someone special to share it with.","you're looking for someone special to share the best part of your life with, and your goal isn't to be a lifetime member on okc :) white\",60,-1,\"sales / marketing / biz dev 2012-06-27-21-28 menlo park, california has kids, and might want more straight likes dogs and likes cats other f libra and it&rsquo;s fun to think about no english (fluently) single\" 37,\"fit  socially  graduated from college/university hello, i see you're checking things out. welcome to the modern era, right?","a little about me: i live in oakland, i used to live in new england, i work regular hours but have been known to escape on short notice, my dog is (seriously) the best dog ever, i enjoy climbing in the sierra and sometimes indoors, skiing when conditions warrant the drive (i.e. a lot this past winter), and otherwise keeping things mostly sane. \"\"fitness\"\" seems a ridiculous pursuit in its own right, yet i enjoy doing things that warrant being in shape.","dogs and babies like me. so, if you think you can revert to your infantile/canine roots, you might like me too.","though not terribly shy in person, given the medium i'm choosing to keep (some) things in check. i understand (and certainly appreciate) the tacit chemistry that has been known to overtake our immediate and reptilian urges, but what i am seeking is the kind of long(er)-term coupling that will continue to be interesting, grow organically, and allow for change. if this makes sense to you, please nudge me in the ribs when i become aloof without warning.","but i'm good with children, for some reason (hopefully a good one?) young mommies tend to hand me their infants to hold; a family recently asked me if i was interested in being their manny?? edit: families # 2 and #3 have inquired as to the same.","oh, yes: i am very good at boggle. hot, i know. folks with whom i'm compatible might notice good things. haters notice the rest. i guess my appearance can be polarizing. i am loath to reveal my the contents of my bookshelf. what's the point?","the fact that i voluntarily, if not enthusiastically, lived in an unheated converted school bus for over 2 years, at 9000 feet in the colorado rockies. in this vein, i would one day like to live in the mountains, again, if only for one killer season while my knees are still good... but not in a home on wheels.","affairs of diplomacy in a post cold war era; the role of the state in our lives. can a libertarian ethos afford for helping out those less fortunate?","scotus. the electoral college. that populism might be dead if so few of us participate, and when those that do are split essentially 50/50.","how much i can't stand ipas (please don't argue their virtue, because my gi tract disagrees with you).","the fact that there is no luck: no good luck, no bad luck, but with some planning and joie de vivre one can be ready when the luck does, in fact, arrive.","(pithy wit can be attractive/endearing/engaging but might come off as an opaque barrier protecting your vulnerability. but i like it regardless, and expect you to only pull the punches that would leave a bruise.)","i love bein a mommie to a lovely 3yr old.... thats #1 without a doubt  reading reading people....like a book are my enormously huge..... ;-) jk","6. socks what adjustments can be made to make life better sleep, work is usually in the am....boooooirring i kno ummmm..... :) u love kids","u have something more to say than jus \"\"hi\"\" black\",67,-1,\" 2012-05-18-14-52 oakland, california has a kid straight likes dogs christianity f pisces and it&rsquo;s fun to think about no english single\" 53,\"a little extra  not at all never graduated from masters program more here than meets the eye","focused on inner development, philosophical, strong magnetic center, spiritually nurturing, seeker, a work in progress, born and raised in san francisco, pioneer stock, resilient","short (5'4\"\"), busty, flexible and strong, earthy, casual, simple. when not dressed for work, i'm dressed for yoga. i don't own a pair of high heels or pantyhose and very little makeup. my hair is the color(s) mother nature gave it, gold, silver and brown. i'm a humanist working for uncle sam.","my children are 31 and 21. i treasure our healthy, adult relationships. my daughter's getting married next january and my son's on a tour with his band this summer.","working with a gurdjieff group of authentic lineage since 1981.","tending a small cottage, a colorful guerilla garden, and herding several cats. empathizing with each position and finding the through-line that connects them all,","cutting to the chase if i have my mask on that's a no brainer. when my face is naked, it could be my smile. my name causes constant comment - the baristas can't get over it. laundry list is available upon request. i don't spend a lot of energy liking or disliking things. it's an automatic and temporary sort of reaction isn't it? doesn't really define what i am.","that being said, my favorite shows are: beach, river, wildflowers, redwoods, mountains, blanket show and dead night at ashkenaz.","a genuine wharf rat, i came of age on the jerry side so the sf psychedelic sound runs in my veins (think hot tuna) and i love to dance freestyle. i'm open to musical variety but not inclined to frequent large crowds or smoky venues unless the music is exceptional or rare.","used bookstores turn me on. i love to find an esoteric treasure; theosophy, philosophy, the great books, etc. if i could grab only three books to have on desert island?, \"\"all and everything, beezelbub's tales to his grandson\"\", by g.i. gurdjieff, \"\"the gospel of thomas\"\", and the \"\"i ching\"\" with my yarrow stalks.","and i'm very attached to my extra large clawfoot tub with the on-demand hot water heater healing, how to simplify my life, flowers... decompressing petrochemical-based fragrances make me ill. i must avoid perfumes, colognes, after-shave, scented candles, lotions, incense, scented deodorants and housekeeping products, and air \"\"fresheners\"\" (i call them air killers).","no, the scent of lovely flowers or wholesome food does not bother me! it's the chemicals that give me a headache. to me- perfume or cologne smells and feels like a headful of raid bug killer spray or easy off oven cleaner. you ever want to meet, because i am too shy to make the first move.","i am not, really, and looking living dancing. this is ironic because i originally started dancing to blend in and now i tend to stand out. go figure. are inconsequential.","for example: i've heard many acquaintances comment that they are surprised to hear me swear. i find it fascinating that they would be surprised by this, but i suppose something about my first impression threw them off. i'm trying to rectify this.","pregnancy and power, pride and prejudice, the cartoon history of the universe, the natural mind, the handmaid's tale, a wrinkle in time, night, the awakening, roll of thunder hear my cry, jacob have i loved, the phantom tollbooth, much ado about nothing, the berenstain bears, anything by dr. suess, the crucible, number the stars, the giver, speak, a swiftly tilting planet, the color purple, i know why the caged bird sings, fahrenheit 451, wicked, life 101, north and south, and above all others the chronicles of narnia","tomatoes, cheese, falafels, hummus, steak (once every six months, medium rare, lightly salted), spaghetti, feta, gyros, mustard sleep","i have a full time job and a part-time business. i enjoy (in no particular order) hiking, kayaking, painting, art, yoga, meditation, going to the gym, reading, languages, card and board games, yard sailing, learning to play the guitar, playing with my 2 cats, fire spinning, hanging out with friends, seeing movies and films, thinking esoteric thoughts, eating healthy meals i have cooked and cuddling when i fall asleep.","i am left-leaning, believe in equality, fairness, helping others, respect and the power of gratitude. i love nature and animals and believe humans are the stewards of the earth and must care for it.","also playing with new languages. i think it's fun to see if i can be understood in a new language. swahili is my latest. i'd love to find someone who likes to play with words. i suppose the first thing is my blonde hair and smile. but after that i think it is how comfortable they feel opening up to me. i enjoy people and getting to know them. right now i'm reading \"\"anthropologist on mars\"\" by oliver sacks... i like the new yorker type stuff in general... let's see, a list?","music     white\",61,-1,\" 2012-04-24-23-50 san francisco, california  straight has dogs  f sagittarius no english single\" 19,\"athletic  desperately sometimes  meet me i'm fun;)          hispanic / latin\",69,-1,\" 2011-12-27-00-03 pleasant hill, california  straight   m  no english single\" 26,\"curvy strictly other socially  working on space camp i'm just this guy, you know? i don't take myself too seriously and just try to have a good time. losing the lotto. i once thought i was good at video games, but either i've changed or the games have and i'm just no good anymore.","i'm also good at doing nerd stuff. my shock of red hair that's too short. just cut it. pic will be updated whenevs. my favorite books fall into the category of bad-ass science fiction and fantasy which include: song of ice and fire, dying earth, wizard's first rule, xanth, and stuff.","i have particular tastes in movies. i like movies that have a lot of energy; movies that make you keep watching them. some movies just don't even try; they suck. good ones are starship troopers, crank 2, hausu, aladdin, the hobbit, wet hot american summer, dumb and dumber, serenity, danger: diabolik, and the big hit.","i'm a huge fan of tv shows. i like continuity and long-term character growth. my favorites are game of thrones, deadwood, rome, the wire, misfits, star trek ds9, twin peaks, true blood, workaholics, stella, it's always sunny in philadelphia, louie, buffy, and so many more.","my music taste is varied, but i prefer visual media. i'll live my life until i hear a song i really like and then just listen to that until i'm sick of it.","i like all foods except indian food, but right now i've given up all sugar, breads and grains to get my beach bod back. 1. internet","maybe i should upload some pictures of me doing outdoorsy stuff. the problem is that i mostly just use the outdoors to get to other indoors. watching ancient aliens while playing diablo iii. sometimes on the bart i like to look at people's reflections and quickly look away when they see me looking, but it's not creepy. really.","i cut my own hair and have ever since peter thomas hair design stopped calling me back for haircut modelling.","if you like to just hang out, watch a tv, ride a bike, or play some boardgames. white\",76,20000,\"other 2012-06-23-12-38 berkeley, california  straight likes dogs and likes cats atheism and somewhat serious about it m gemini but it doesn&rsquo;t matter no english (poorly) single\" 30,\"athletic    graduated from college/university     hip hop, cheeseburgers, the fountainhead, shantaram, slaughterhouse 5, jobs bio, mad men, the wire, arrested development squash","usc football    other\",70,-1,\"banking / financial / real estate 2012-06-11-21-20 san francisco, california  straight   m taurus no english single\" 26,\"athletic mostly vegetarian socially sometimes graduated from college/university hey. i'm trying to make the most of this life and meet some awesome people. maybe this site can help with the latter.","i'm optimistic about the future but never miss an opportunity to seize the day. i live in hayes valley and create renewable energy from water. i cycle most days and snowboard when it snows. always seeking adventure and mirth. not getting wrecked by the muni while biking on market. building things. making fires. my friend tells me that i'm independent and choose my words carefully. bonfire of the vanities, anna karenina, and stone junction.","my music library looks a lot like a coachella lineup, but usually i'm listening to greats like stevie wonder and thelonious monk.","food: plantain burritos, sashimi and belgian style ipas. hot sauce. sunshine, mountains, beauty, autonomy, physical and mental challenges. the design and quality of materials in objects. well, sometimes i recruit people to watch the city lights sparkle from the boulders on top of corona heights while we pass bottles of corner store red wine with fancy labels. other times i get roped into dancing at brunos or blondies and end up having a great time. best is catching an act at the fillmore or the independent. more often i rest up to play on saturday.","on the physical level, i stay motivated and in shape by swimming, cycling and doing pilates. currently, i'm mastering the art of gourmet cooking through my new-found love of food and cooking. they say, \"\"the way to a man's heart is through his stomach\"\"...if so, i'm on the right path, right?","i love seeing live music, hiking, live sporting events and just hanging out. i work for in the non-profit space in education reform and i am very dedicated to the mission.","have fun! raising my daughter, giving back to my community, helping other people, having fun. being a good friend, listening, enjoying good food, watching sports, spending time outside. my friendly nature. i'd have to say my favorite movie is pulp fiction. others include repo man (the original one), godfather ii, o brother where art thou, animal house, stop making sense and dinner rush.","i love to eat, and will try anything. i've been lucky enough to have traveled a lot. spending time in many different countries all over the world has taught me humility, and to be appreciative.","i am big music fan. my favorite bands right now are strange boys and hornet leg. i listen to mudhoney whenever i can - saw them in oakland a little while back. all-time faves include replacements, talking heads, meat puppets, old rem, minutemen, grateful dead, clash. i listen to a lot of old punk bands like fear, black flag, misfits, dks.","good conversation being useful. going to a show.  you feel like getting together and talking. white\",72,-1,\" 2012-06-29-10-14 walnut creek, california  straight   m  sometimes english single\" 51,\"fit mostly anything socially never graduated from college/university i'm full of energy, like to share it. want to try something new in life.","i'm a medical social worker at a local hospital in the city. i like keeping active at the gym and outdoors, but i also have a really comfy couch. my tv likes the giants. i very much love food, coffee, drinks with good people, and being goofy.","looking for someone who's fun, active, compassionate, adventurous and open-minded. communicating clearly when needed, yet letting things slide when not. relationships can be stressful at times, but largely this one would bring peace to both parties, improving on the lives we already have, allowing for some independence where appropriate, but also spending quality time as much as possible.","i am very eclectic when it comes to music and listen to it all day long, thanks to pandora. among my favorites: lemon jelly, the phoenix, tindersticks, kid loco, juana molina, bittersweet, air, malcolm mclaren, any bossa nova, nat king cole, glenn miller orchestra... only styles i don't really care for are hip hop, reggae and country (johnny cash an exception).","i also appreciate little things that others don't seem to notice. like, the vibration a bottle will make when you hold it just so against the wind. lately i've been having to wear more suits, and people seem to notice the suits. a few months ago woman came up to me on the street and yelled at me to take my evil business elsewhere. i think it was the suit. i hope it was the suit. jos saramago, eduardo galeano, vonnegut, raymond carver, murakami","raising arizona (most coen bro's films), shaun of the dead, let the right one in, blue, the princess and the warrior, sunshine, volver (most almodvar), delicatessen, in the mood for love","vic chesnutt, mark mulcahy, stevie wonder, pj harvey, camper van beethoven, arto lindsay, brazilian girls, gillian welch, grant lee buffalo, jarabe de palo, spouse, manu chao, mercedes sosa, pixies, robbie fulks, ron sexsmith, the water boys, modern lovers, billy bragg water - for drinking, bathing, swimming, floating, cooking, flushing, and all around admiring.","movies: sunset blvd., who's afraid of virginia woolf,the loved one, godfather 1&amp;2, sweet smell of success, fugitive kind, hud, cool hand luke, the conversation, badlands, there will be blood, the wire, fight club, coen bros, everything tennessee williams wrote, spaghetti westerns, herzog, documentaries, much, much more.","although not religious, i am deeply spiritual--i spent several years in meditation retreat. i would consider myself a deep-thinker, emotionally intelligent and driven.","i gotta be outside daily. take me hiking. take me camping. take me swimming, please! --- i'll be a happy camper.","surprises different perspectives   you feel me. white\",66,1000000,\"education / academia 2012-04-30-19-50 castro valley, california  bisexual likes dogs  f virgo trying to quit english (fluently), spanish (okay) single\" 37,\"fit strictly anything often sometimes graduated from college/university i have been single since 2006, but i have been in three long term relationships in my life and i loved every person. i am still friends with my exes and hopefully you are not the jealous type.","i love travel, art, and i'm a tomboy (i could probably beat most chicks in an arm-wrestling match) and i dress casually most of the time but i can dress up and look hot and classy. i'm an artist, i do hair for a living and i have many accomplishments, one of which is doing 1,000 cartwheels. i'm writing a book about living in brazil. i also travel a lot. it's the most important thing in my life. i spend some time checking out stalkers on okstupid. one day, i had 83 between 7:30am and 8:00am. it's very flattering. now if i only had the time to email every one of you...","http://www.facebook.com/video/video.php?v=487863616166 traveling, making out, snuggling and cooking, being an entrepreneur, laughing and forging signatures. curly hair. i'm older than i look. i smell nice and my skin is uber soft. reference books like leonardo da vinci's notebooks and the world atlas, books about travel and importing/exporting, stuff to learn from.","shows: spongebob (how can you not like spongebob?), arrested development, six feet under, family guy (but i don't have a tv)","music: manu chao, bjork, beck, international, reggae, ray lamontagne, electronic, drum and bass, a lot of brazilian stuff, some obscure stuff, anything that makes me bob my head or feel something i can relate with...","http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s1-mbaanxj0&amp;feature=player_embedded usually i'm home on the internet or hanging out with a good friend having drinks. i like billy joel. i am not perfect. i have a beauty mark on the left side of my cleavage. i lived in a van for a year and a half when i was 21. also, this video makes me laugh every time i see it.","music: punk rock, psychobilly, post-grunge, mix and match, beach house, th' bullfrog, bowerbirds, slow claw, sigur rs, mogwai, goodbye, labrador, bob dylan, dr. dog, jonathan hape, and much much more.","i could probably do without all these but i wouldn't by choice. http://youtu.be/tkpcuwoogqy partying or working on my plot to take over the world  if you'v gotten this far you should message me!","no journey is too great if you find what you seek. well... i can do a lot. i have tons of life experience. i can fix just about anything from a computer to a car, and all household stuff included. i pretty handy with power tool. ! physically is my hair and every one said's i have an accent. movie; v for vendetta, collateral, anchorman, wedding crashers, any star wars movie (classic).","books, any thing that has to do with philosophy or rebellion.it's not about the bike: my journey back to life, by&nbsp;lance armstrong","music, i work out to techno, i listen pretty much any rock , hip hop, mix/techno, i also listen to spanish music and reggae. 1. my family","6. warmth, not a fan of the cold! my future career. family, and friends. and what i'm going to do next weekend.","some words that friends use to describe me: funny, affectionate, inquisitive, empathic, wild, creative, mindful, passionate, fierce, a good listener, introspective, deep, effervescent, self-aware, compassionate, silly, courageous and one of a kind. thanx guys, i'm humbled by that list!","i dig traveling, mostly out of the country. my favorite destination thus far has been africa. i've traveled to (and volunteered with aids &amp; malaria orphans along the way) 15 different countries on this amazing, complex &amp; mysterious continent. can't wait to go back at some point.","finally, i'm a huge fan of long, slow kisses... if stud's terkel had a sister, i'd be her :) i've had lots of different careers: teaching, acting, touring as a back-up singer or dancer in well-known bands, corporate it recruiting, performance artist, managing recording studios, workshop facilitator, repping art, music teacher, jewelry maker...phew! most recently i got back into teaching:","i taught music to toddlers &amp; their families for 5 years. two years ago i taught kindergarten in a high-risk, inner-city neighborhood. last year i took time off to focus on writing a book which was incredible.","in the past i was quite accomplished at fire dancing and tribal belly dance...getting pretty good at meditation and digging how grounded it makes me feel. ...my height (5' 11 1/2\"\" in bare feet), my insatiable curiosity and that i smile a lot... next folks usually notice my humor, as i like to make people laugh. when you've hung around me for a little while you","movies: a walk on the moon; y tu mama tambien; the life aquatic; the constant gardner; million dollar baby; the kids are alright; hair; au revoir les enfants; high fidelity; crazy heart; magnolia; little miss sunshine; jesus christ super star; young frankenstein; deconstructing harry; sophie's choice; goodfellas; up; children of men; best in show; thelma &amp; louise; airplane; life is beautiful; the story of the weeping camel.","music: am loving me some tinariwen right about now. check them out if you're at all into east african music. so i dig everything from funk, folk, blues, worldbeat, electronica (dubstep, glitch-hop &amp; downtempo), soul, bluegrass, hip hop, classic rock, zydeco, &amp; am sometimes guilty of listening to 70s soft rock for hours on end (but keep that on the dl ;~). bonus points if you dig: jj cale, mink deville, tim \"\"love\"\" lee, joan armatrading, nickodemus, finley quaye, cotton jones or mr. scruff.","food: i'm a pretty adventourous eater...a true omnivore who loves it spicy!! my amazing friends","(honorable mention: ice-cold, full-fat chocolate milk) traveling back to africa and doing more work with children there...","making choices: truth over honesty and lies; love over lust; quality over quantity; creation over destruction; love and understanding over ignorance and hate","i do not agree with most religions. you should need no special vestments and/or special places to connect with the \"\"divine\"\".","true romantic, yet i do not believe in \"\"soul mates.\"\" the soul mate concept doesn't fit in a world with reincarnation. as the buddha says \"\"all beings have been your mother.\"\" same goes for soul mates. creating art - written and visual.","and, my voice. books: all things scifi/fantasy, alt reality, comicbooks, zombie fiction. occasionally a mystery or horror. also certain buddhist/hindu scriptures and doctrines. twilight sucks ass!","food: ....i love all food, but i do not eat beef or pork. everything else fair game. favorite types: indian, mexicano, japanese, and thai. art: music, literature, photography, painting, drawing, sculpting.","...and....ah?.......oh right! me! art and music, enlightenment, travel, dreams, friends and family, the great outdoors, lovin' you - where ever you are! watching a good film or show","music: indie or punk for the most part. i love music so much i'd consider listening to music as a hobby. what i'm listening to right now - weatherbox, pomegranates, i can still make a mess, manchester orchestra, balance and composure, the head the heart, slow club, headlights, the movielife, and many others","life's too short to do the same things over and over, so i try to mix it up. i go for long runs. catch up with friends over drinks. take road trips. fly away for beautiful sunsets. breathe deep in yoga class. hike the labyrinth of oakland hills trails. and drink countless tall lattes hunched over my computer. yes, the last one isn't sexy at all, but it's the truth.","don't reply to me if you don't intend to move beyond okcupid chat. you learn the most about people through time spent offline.. so.. let's catch a movie. grab a drink. take a jog. watch a show. take a cooking class. dance some salsa. walk your dog. try a new restaurant... you get it, right?","intp i work, fiddle with web design, write and work out. every so often i go to happy hour with friends. sometimes i stay late at the office bullshitting with colleagues. and i'm learning to dance salsa.. 1, 2, 3.. 5, 6, 7.. my friends come to me for help on things like personal statements, cover letters and romantic love letters.","i'm also good at holding conversations, listening and laughing at life. a woman with a great sense of humor is a big turn on.  books.. a ton of books.","eats everything the internet, running shoes, books, family, laughter &amp; sleep. how can we bring spirituality, folklore and mythology back into daily life? running, walking, driving or flying somewhere. i once gave a girl a box of chocolates. she told me i was sweet, funny and intelligent, but that she didn't want to see me again.","movies: chocolat, breakfast at tiffany's and pride and prejudice those are the ones i watch over and over i watch all movies except the scary ones","to be continued...  my smile, and for some reason my height.  i just realize that the main one s would be friends and family.","i know how to please women with humor. that is right with humor, the #1 most valuable way to enjoy life, love and sensuality. other assets help, but humor and smart humor are #1. those of you who know, know what i mean.","i am married, and happily so, yet have seen the light of a polyamory style in the last 6 months. i have come to appreciate what many in other countries know already - it is fine to have adventuresome relationships outside of your marriage, and continue to meet new people. if you are open and honest with your spouse, then things work out. in my case, both my spouse and i are in the same mindset and are both pursuing outside new friends. it has added excitement and energy to our individual lives, and our life as a couple.","no face photos as i have kids in middle and high school, and some discretion is required (\"\"dad, my friend said her mom saw your picture on a dating site, wtf\"\").","i summarize what another friend told me 2 months ago when i told her i was exploring this new approach. she said \"\"marriage should not be like a prison. you should not have to stop meeting new and interesting people and having human connections. the most miserable people tend to be those that stay monogamous on some moral grounds\"\". turns out she has been doing this for 5+ years. i urge people to open their minds to the concept. planning how to keep meeting new people and experiencing more in adventure, fun and pleasure. meeting new people is the main way i plan to do this.","i have a great job that i love, and two great kids and a great wife. supporting this takes time and energy, but i still have time to meet some new people.","ramones, talking heads, the doors, they might be giants, the kinks, violent femmes, grateful dead, jim croce (yep, jim croce), green day, rolling stones, joe jackson (all time favorite)","pulp fiction, little big man, one flew over the cuckoo's nest, goodfellas, raging bull, forrest gump, american beauty, lost in america (an all time fave), the pianist, blind side, all monty python.","food - sushi, simple food, fruits, home made smoothies (and jamba juice). being responsible for my family and the wide range of adventures that having kids enables.","books: white oleander by janet finch. my favorite book i read it a million times. i don't have a lot of time to do personal reading because i am in school. so all my reading is out of a textbook.","shows: nurse jackie, how i met your mother, the big c, weeds, us of tara. so you think you can dance. the internet.","i travel as much as i can. marathon runner--although the last one was in new york a few months ago--i better get going.","i am of chinese/japanese (1/4) background, but don't really look like either. i've even been called pakistanian before. man, did that guy need glasses or what. i've been here since 8, so i can't speak engrrish with an accent. -working full-time in the cell-phone industry as a lead qa and working my way up the ladder.","enjoying each day and waiting to travel to the places i've been wanting to go. -giving people advice that i myself don't follow at 100%","listening to other people's troubles/problems and helping them find some sort of solution (or just lending a ear. please refrain from screaming into them).","giving massages even though i've never learned how. -my favorite color--black and why i'm always wearing it.","rock, pop, r&amp;b, alternative, music from movies/anime/tv-series. anything that sounds good to me.","ohh...phood! yum! italian, japanese, korean bbq (vegetarian dishes), mexican, thai, chinese, vietnamese, and trying anything new. -air/water/exercise","astrology, feng-shui, palmistry, fortune telling--how all these things work.  -i debate with myself mentally.","shows: dexter/buffy the vampire slayer/ tmnt (original series)/ lost/arrested development/psych/monk/regular show/it's always sunny in philadelphia      white\",67,-1,\"student 2012-05-27-11-37 san francisco, california doesn&rsquo;t have kids straight has dogs and has cats atheism and very serious about it f gemini and it&rsquo;s fun to think about sometimes english (fluently), spanish (poorly) single\" 62,\"thin anything socially never graduated from college/university i am a high energy, spontaneous, easy to be with, fun loving person.","finding fun new restaurants, walking, films, day trips, good wine and travel are just a few of the things that i like to do. being self employed, allows me flexibility with my time. i like theater, the arts, spending time with friends, small intimate parties and meeting new people.  people usually say that my smile is the first thing they notice about me.  friends","love all kinds of music from badu and adele to getz and gilberto, beastie boys to morcheeba, melody gardot, nina simone, miles davis, 70's ethiopian jazz, gotan project. netflix queue: i am love, the station agent, lost in translation, mad men, weeds, tudors.","music lately is the head and the heart, jack white, and the shins. music always will be paul simon and alison krauss.","the last book i read was the lacuna, waiting for summer and some good suggestions for the next read. coffee","i am an introverted extrovert - yes, i can be meditative or a party in a box. i'm super outgoing and can get along with pretty much anyone and can make my friends snort out laugh mostly due to my mix of sarcasm, anachronisms and terrible lack of pop culture knowledge.","i like a smattering of activities - as long as i am with fun people, i am happy. i like to hike and camp and have decided to graduate to an aerobed. i crawled onto my friend's bed after she left our tent and was instantly converted. i used to make fun of people like that. i am now open-minded.","i appreciate offensive humor and old school manners. i tend to run 15 minutes late, but am working on it. i'm loyal and love my friends and family. i want to be with someone who enjoys holding their own with them.","music drawn to lately - wilco, jolie holland, frank black, pj harvey, bill monroe, pavement, jack white.","flight of the conchords will always be my favorite, breaking bad, curb your enthusiasm, louie, mad men. and i love sarah silverman.","i want a best friend who makes me smile. i'd like a committed relationship with a man approximately my age to share good movies, dinners, cultural events, conversation, take long walks and have a great laugh together; someone who is genuine, affable, has a positive outlook and is emotionally evolved with a sense of humor; someone who is dependable, physically healthy and likes to talk.","the specific details of personality traits, though, are less important than chemistry which trumps traits. meeting each other tells the real story of whether there is a spark. i'm living my life being happy ... keeping everything organized i'm a great listener; friends and strangers tell me i have a pretty smile. a fine balance - excellent accurate book about india; the help; cutting for stone.","i can be super playful, quite funny and annoyingly energetic yet i also value and am able to sit in a place of depth, quite, and stillness for as long as it takes. that could be me meditating in silence or simply connecting with you at the end of the day. i'm grateful to have the most incredible, supportive community of friends around me, people who would do anything for me and yet i treasure my alone time. i plan my trips loosely and then look forward to getting lost on the way.","how i relate with others is incredibly important to me and i spend a lot of time getting that right. i'm a big fan of responsible communication and really believe that at any given moment we are all doing the best we can, even if what we're doing seems not so bright. what this leaves me with is a lot of empathy and compassion for others along with the ability to express myself, my love, my disappointment or whatever is actually up with me in the moment. authenticity is the name of the game.","i have big plans for the future but put a huge emphasis on the now. i'm quite good at accepting things just as they are but that doesn't mean i'm inclined to roll over and play dead either. a wise man once said, \"\"the world is perfect just the way it is, including my desire to change it.\"\"","feeling into what others are feeling my eyes, my teeth, my lips, my smile, my presence books: all kinds of non-fiction (i'm a boy, we can be that way.) from books on the enneagram to the shop manual for my little four-wheeled restoration project","food: anything but fast; mostly vietnamese (slanted door or some hole in the wall), really good pizza (delfina, a16), japanese (eiji), italian (delfina &amp; my mom's home cookin') a pentel sign pen (heavy line weight), pilot fineliner (light line weight) &amp; my sketchbook [i'm counting these three as one.]","that's 7... or 9 depending on how you're counting. how to not think so much. eating out with friends","i am troublemaking, driven, and curious i'm usually trying to find a new place in sf, or around the bay. sometimes i'm looking for new things around the world. and i also work at this job in web technology and stuff. aggressive-pedestrian-walking.","in the more generic categories, i love skiing, tennis, bike rides to marin, dim sum and going to see good movies at the theater(but not bad movies). freckles. i love the new yorker and the new york times, though i live in san francisco (which has its own magazines and newspapers). i'm a pretty serious reader. favorite books are hard to define, but i'd say independence day by richard ford, portnoy's complaint by phillip roth, the dharma bums by keroac, catch 22 by joseph heller, the wind up bird chronicle by murakami still haunts me. 1. an interesting thing to read.","movies: serenity, top gun, frequency, we're no angles (the one with humphrey bogart), harvey (james stewart), the rocketeer, rio bravo (john wayne), the man who shot liberty valance, robin hood (the errol flynn version), witness for the prosecution (charles laughton), charade (cary grant), james bond movies, the in-laws (1979 with peter falk), lord of the rings (of course), the lion the witch and the wardrobe (2005), destry rides again (with james stewart)","tv: burn notice (definitely my favorite!), firefly, white collar, person of interest, the original addams family, mister ed, my favorite martian (the one with bill bixby), the original get smart (1965), f-troop","music: i don't have a particular favorite genre. i like a lot of the music from garth brooks, marty robbins, casting crowns, air supply, billy joel","food: i like to cook good food, i like red meat, fish, fruit, i love chinese food, ice cream, cake, most foods 1. jesus","finding sf pretty amazing. food, culture, food, nature, and food keeps me happy happy. i am an architect (of the brick and mortar variety) who just switched jobs in order to balance life and work a smidge better.","reading: currently reading immortality. i've liked good old murakami haruki, homo faber, camus, flannery o'conner, never let me go, houellebecq. i also enjoy things like the steve jobs bio for light reading. the new yorker, the atlantic, cabinet, monocle, ny times, ny post, us weekly, architecture magazines.","movies: i own a lot of werner herzog, wong kar wai, and goddard. anything with striking cinematography and music. i love lars von trier, haneke (though i find his work mentally stimulating but emotionally too taxing). also enjoy good solid hollywood blockbusters like the gladiator, aliens, drive, gattaca. indies like the secretary, little miss sunshine.","tv: breaking bad, dexter, the wire, big love, battlestar gallactica, californication, and embarrassing reality tv","my home traveling the world relaxing, getting together with friends, making plans for the weekend  you're looking for someone fun to travel the world with, to explore the bay area with and to cuddle with... :) white\",63,70000,\"retired 2012-06-25-22-31 walnut creek, california doesn&rsquo;t have kids, and doesn&rsquo;t want any straight has dogs and has cats atheism but not too serious about it f capricorn and it&rsquo;s fun to think about trying to quit english, english single\" 20,\"  socially never    cooking"," left my tv when i moved and haven't had one since i moved to my new place in march. going to see how long i will go without it! right now, not missing it!"," i love action, sci-fi, dramas, animation (incredibles, reo) but can watch comedy movies over and over like it's the first time (hangover, bridesmaids, stepbrothers, wedding crashers)"," food: sushi, dark chocolate, peanut butter, indian, thai, but really love discovering a new restaurant or chef, i'll try anything but fried bugs!","i grew up in southern california, headed to the midwest for college where i studied engineering and played big 10 volleyball, and moved back to california, this time san diego, for graduate school. i've been with the same company nearly 10 years: 4 in southern ca, 4 in ireland, and now 1+ year in the bay area.","i think my friends would describe me as funny/witty with a few quirks, selfless, smart, and determined. i'm fairly low maintenance. i like roughing it but crave an occasional luxury. i'm a social person though i've dropped a few notches on the extrovert scale over the years. i'm comfortable with spending time alone as long as i've a good read. however, i love being surrounded by friends, enjoy hosting/entertaining, and usually have some travel plans in the works.","i am open minded and always willing to try something new! when i'm not traveling or working, i'm enjoying where i live!","personally, i'm reconnecting with friends, making new friends, learning the art of pilates, taking greek &amp; roman literature courses, exercising, following us politics, eating out too much (easy to do in sf), etc.","professionally, i'm a sr. manager at a medical device company on the peninsula. the day to day is not so exciting, but they've been good to me - moving me around within the organization to different roles and geographies. i frequently think about continuing my education, whether to support this career or to start down an alternate path - planning on making some decisions this year. - being a good friend"," laughing at myself  - i genuinely love reading and can never seem to clear the backlog of books i want to read. a few favorites include \"\"woman in white\"\", \"\"nobel house\"\", \"\"pillars of the earth\"\", and \"\"middlesex\"\"."," my tv and movie watching is sparse. tv consists of news/politics (cspan, daily show, presidential debates), series box sets (mad men, breaking bad, game of thrones), an occasional show (downton abbey so i can talk to my mom about it), and less mainstream sports (world cup rugby or soccer, olympics). movies in the last year have been documentaries or mainstream at kabuki (drive, dragon tattoo) and i was traveling for 2+ weeks when hunger games came out so must get to that."," food is amazing! i enjoy the range (cooking at home to take away to dives to michelin stars), any ethnicity (sushi to ethiopian to indian to south american to greek to dim sum), and the nostalgic basics (yummy grilled cheese, bean &amp; cheese burritos). - beverages: coffee, tea, red wine, belgian beer, occasional fresh squeezed juice","a career change, finding more meaningful work, balancing life and work i usually feel social, but opt for something low key (dinner with friends, something i dvrd in the last week i haven't watched, wine!) and a reasonable bed time because i very much look forward to saturday mornings (quiet streets, exercise, coffee, farmers markets)! maybe after a few dates... if you are: intelligent, intellectual, confident (but not ignorant), ambitious in life, adventurous, positive, well traveled and want more, happier walking on a trail or through a museum than on the couch watching the game","rule of the bone - russell banks, girl with the dragon tattoo - stieg larsson , anthill - eo wilson, tao te ching - the stephen mitchell version, again...","man on wire, gwtdt (the hollywood version, just couldn't get into the swedish one, as much as i like hearing swedish), avengers (yes...maybe that should be below? wow, 2 big hollywood movies on my list! what's going on here?)","haven't taken the time lately to watch much telly other than some sports...and even then i'd rather play than watch.","i boogied on down to dj shadow, was mesmerized by roger waters' the wall, but am almost equally stoked for walk off the earth at slim's this weekend...","asparagus is just about over here, but loving the berries right now... sunshine, trees, flowers, wildlife...","either that's actually 11, if you're counting closely, or still only 5...so last but not least, those dear friends no matter how long it's been. why the world is the way it is","it's funny. most of us say we want to be liked/loved for who we are. but how much time do we spend asking ourselves, \"\"who am i, and what gifts do i have to offer the world?\"\" i'm still putting those puzzle pieces together, but the emerging image becomes clearer every day, and i'm enjoying what i see.","\"\"what kind of an idea are you? are you the kind that compromises, does deals, accommodates itself to society, attempts to find a niche, to survive; or are you the cussed bloody-minded, ramrod-backed type of damnfool notion that would rather break than sway with the breeze? -- the kind that will almost certainly, ninety-nine times out of a hundred, be smashed to bits; but, the hundredth time, will change the world.\"\"","-salmon rushdie as i walk along my life's path, i occasionally like to run, skip, or even dace a bit. then to unwind, i'll stop and smell the roses. all of life is a balancing act, but equilibrium isn't static. constant reflection and adjustments have kept me safely atop the tightrope thus far. it's exhilarating, and the view is amazing, but it's important to keep things in perspective.","i consider myself an active participant in the evolution of the human psyche. i have a broad array of goals and aspirations, and a vision of humanity's potential that i enjoy fostering.","i founded a business dedicated to this vision. i'd be happy to tell you all about it if you're interested.","i spend a lot of time in seattle as well as san francisco.","i also enjoy evolutionary theory and math. hopefully my smile (because i like to smile, and people generally seem to like being smiled at). i'm a sincere person, and i like to think that people recognize that. but really, i don't know, i've never taken a survey. maybe i should... care to be in a survey? ;) books:","stranger in a strange land; the moon is a harsh mistress, (most stories by rober heinlein).","music is one of the things i'm most passionate about in life, so rather than spending 3 hours listing the soundtrack for my life, and then subjecting you to having to scroll all the way past it as you ignore most of it, i will paint a broad outline for you:","music moves us in a way that words cannot express, and the more thoroughly a piece of music can elicit deep emotions beyond classification, the more highly i value it.","we all have various musical predispositions depending on our mood, energy level, life experience, and general disposition. and my default switch is usually set at \"\"funky rhythms\"\". i enjoy profoundly entrancing melodies from mozart, brahms, rachmaninov, etc. as well as a wide variety of ethereal, melodic, down-tempo music, when in the proper space and mood, but i typically just happen to be in a more head-bobin', toe-tappin', booty-shakin' mood.","some staple genres include (but are not limited to) -- funk, soul, rock, blues, punk, ska, jazz, breakbeats, drum'n'bass, hip hop, glitch hop, trip hop, future bass, jazzy house, and funky disco house.","yummy. healthy. air, water, food, friends/family, trust, love/compassion. (music, science, dance, and philosophy are pretty neat too.) breathing. every breath is a blessing. the next one is not promised. so i try to be aware of and grateful for each one.","i try to focus my mental energies on how i can best manifest joy, love, and security in my life, and throughout humanity. and when i'm not having moments of planning or self-reflection, i usually try just enjoy whatever i'm doing in the moment. and when i have moments of stress or anxiety... back to breathing and smiling.","i also like to ponder on how different creatures (particularly humans) evolved their various characteristics.","oh... and wordplay, beatplay, and melodyplay. friday night is never typical. in general i steer away from typical. friday can often involve friends, music, discovering new restaurants, and various adventures, but i also like to stay in and watch a movie, or play music, or write. i sing in the shower.","that's about as private as i'm willing to get with the internet. but with my friends and family, i'm much more sincere. ...if you made it this far for reasons other than anthropological curiosity, and if you also happen to be awesome (i like awesome people) then it would be nice to hear from you.","also, if you have any desire to take salsa lessons with me / you are a musician / you like travel and exploring / you like dancing to live music / or you want to discover new restaurants with me.","none of these are required, just be inspired and inspiring. basically, if you're awesome and you know it, clap your hands: *clap-clap* white\",71,-1,\"entertainment / media 2012-03-12-00-22 san francisco, california  straight likes dogs and likes cats other and laughing about it m leo no english single\" 30,\"athletic strictly anything socially never graduated from masters program an adventurous silly professional.","making information pretty. hiking in the redwoods. biking over mountain passes. hanging with friends, making big plans, eating bacon, and a few other things. running marathons without training. starting projects and not finishing them. listening. pondering new projects to start.","anyway, my philosophy is that no matter how good one is at any particular thing, there is always room for growth, in that very thing, or in other dimensions. i'd like to think that it's something positive, like my smile, or at least neutral, like my square glasses, but after a few sentences it's probably my accent, oh and to get that out, i blush quite a bit when i'm nervous. let me note my current preference and leave compiling historically accurate lists for next time.","reading delivering happiness and rework at the moment. it's been a while since i've read some fiction but have been wanting to pick up some classic for a while. suggestions?","some older movies in recent memory precious, delicatessen, race across the america; want to see urbanized soon.","fair warning - my sense of humor might be a bit sarcastic. my taste in music leans to the obscure. and my curiosity sometimes gets away from me (and from time to time gets me in trouble). but through all that i can promise you an interesting collection of experiences. just moving back home to the bay area leaving one death star software company for another'  but i'm pretty happy with what i've been up to lately, and it keeps my from starting small fires in my garage with all the spare time i'd otherwise have.","well, honestly... the cufflinks more so than the brad pitt thing. movies  casablanca, playing by heart, bond movies (connery and craig era exclusively)","music  alanis, bb king, bon iver, bt, imogen heap, zoe keating, depeche mode, hooverphonic, jem, dave's true story, sting (that's ok i'll make fun of your taste in music in return.)","shows- not a lot in old fashion' tv around here a bit of daily show, a bit of bbc, maybe a bit of nova when i need to fire up the geek engines.","food  red wine, blue-cheese stuffed anything, thai, and habanero salsa. i'm equally happy with a table for 2 at a romantic 'white table cloth' place as i am sitting on the beach eating a really great burger and watching the last few minutes of the cali sun set. a sense of adventure","a back yard with a fire pit and a glass of wine right now, i'm sitting here spending a lot of time thinking about how much better your ok cupid profile is than mine.","here are my day to day acitivities. if you can picture yourself doing any of those things with me contact me.","when its nice and sunny you'll find me at dolores park reading a book, drinking a beer and relaxing with friends","i do enjoy staying home, wathcing a movies, eating in and just enjoying the moment of peace that only your home can provide.","i use to ride a motorcycle not anymore, but i still enjoy riding on the back of a nice fast street bike.. just in case you have one.. =) i have a helmet. hint hint!!.","eating out to dinner... nothing fancy.. i will always prefer a chil location with lots of people good music rather then a fancy resturant where you have to whrisper. but i am kinda picky with food mainly becuase im allergic to pork and fish =(","i'm very spontaneous, its the best way to get me out! not much of a planner unless its a trip out of the country but even then i only need a month in a advance.","do you think you can hang with me? i went from busy life.. work, school, 3 jobs and a being in a dance company.. to graduating, 1 full time job, and part time dancing.. with all this free time i am hopeing to finally take the time to meet someone. thats for you to find out... i dunno.never asked. i guess you'll have to tell me when you met me.. i love to read. i enjoy all music. my only down fall is food. since i cook my own food. i find it super hard to try new things outside of what i cook. friends","reading life in general.. friday is just another night, anything can happen. sometimes my friday is a wednesday or thursday night.. that i am on a online dating site! lol.. please dont\"\" message me if you want a quick hook up.. i'm kinda getting tired of all the nasty messages.. i am not interested.","movies: i love movies! i'll enjoy most anything from gone in 60 seconds to the prestige to august rush to disney to the terminator to ... well you get the idea.","i love romantic walks along moonlit beaches, weeps at sunsets, &amp; dream of the day when humanity can live together in communal peace &amp; enlightenment.","i'm hung like a equus caballus and well studied in the kama sutra and not averse to providing maximum gratification with just a touch of discipline.","i like to paint expressionist watercolors, write haiku poetry, &amp; have composed 11 major symphonies (plus one opera in bulgarian).","i performed hamlet, met elvis, attended woodstock. claimed nobel prize in medicine. flew the space shuttle and my band sells out madison square garden on every tour.","by the way, i just got this really fucking cool tattoo on my back. it's of a cobra wrapped around a skull (going in and out of the empty eye sockets, of course!) with flames in the background. the whole thing is on the hood of a fucking awesome z-28 which is peeling out with clouds of smoke in the shape of a pot leaf coming off the wheels as they burn rubber!!! the grim reaper is driving the z-28 with his sharp hell scythe sticking out the window. playing the lotto and crossing my fingers","leaving the campsite a little bit cleaner than it was when i first got there (energy efficiency) i bring the ruckus to the ladies my beautiful eyes, my perfect flawless skin and complexion, my freakishly long fingers, my deep sexy voice and my adhd... and my fucked up sense of humor.","i don't look or act my age... i don't know if the latter is a positive or negative asset? i actually never lie about my age... except for on here. books","+ some old country, some old punk, some 70's and 80's rock, other various genres and sub genres of electronic music and some music you'll probably either like or won't like.","bacon-wrapped anything... ok, actually i usually eat healthy food but bacon is my weakness. everything in moderation, right? i guess i'm kind of a foodie but i really hate that label because it sounds douchy and pretentious. i like so many types of cuisine that it's difficult to narrow it down to just a few cuisines.","i don't like seafood or mayonnaise and love anything that makes my mouth burn... kind of like a food masochist. i would literally eat fire if it didn't taste like lighter fluid. -cholula and tapatio sauce","books: i usually only read on vacation and then it something pretty light, last one was hunger games. i buy tons of books about the subconscious mind.","food: the way i talk about food you would think i would be three bills. i'm not by the way, but i do love to eat and don't have any allergies or aversions. last night i had bacon wrapped salmon with saffron couscous. i asked the waitress to repeat the specials one more time, just to hear her say them, weird?","music: right now i have pandora on somebody that i used to know. i listen to music all the time and like to sing. you won't find much country or like hard core death metal or rap on my play list but there is quite a variety. or i don't want to anyway....","stanford 1974, harvard b-schl 1976, then lumpy, overlapping career(s) in real estate, media marketing, music production, investing, and individual/company/family histories. loved 22 years in manhattan renovating a townhouse and helping raise a sweet family of 3 boys, incl 4 years as mr mom.","swim 3 mi/week, do 2.25 mi high-altitude open-water swim most summers. (training for alcatraz this yr.) tennis, squash (though not lately), biking. kidney donor to stranger at 55. re-setting after several years of seismic family changes, mostly deaths, including my wife of 36 years.","limericks extrovert, happy. --cinema paradiso (not sure if i like the long or short version most). gods must be crazy. the king's speech. groundhog day. dumbo. raising sons in nyc we developed a mildly-famous list of films for them instead of tv, all with themes of: achievement or redemption.","-sushi, lobster, steak, viet, thai, cuban, chinese, ital, fr, etc etc. never say never. always ready for sacrifice. semper paratus. --a higher intelligence","(try saying that 3 times fast) busy w work or play. [^ ignore the throwaway okcupid-suggested heading, above ^.]","playwright. photographer. global monitor. former radio dj. bad-ass. disciple of bugs bunny and miyamoto musashi.","acutely aware that being 1-in-a-million means the situation is near-hopeless in sf, and only marginally better state-wide. but, hey--slim chance beats no chance at all. currently, photography. my cannon sx30is and i do wonders together. shooting photos opens connections to other cultures, and that's what i really treasure. humor.","political and corporate sabotage. my wicked gargoyle laugh. drops douchebags at 30 feet. truly. holy shit, it's data mining! fuck you, okc!","my libraries are extensive and continually expanding. it's either that or suffer alzheimer's. pick one. water.","if that's you, we should be friends. i'm a salesman for a drilling company and i'm in a bowling league on tuesdays.","in my spare time, i am occasionally searching for the meaning to life. but, mostly i just watch pbs. playing the devil's advocate. i'd like to think it's my razor sharp wit.","yeah. let's stick with that. my ideal literature is somewhere between buckminster fuller and thomas pynchon. maybe: \"\"bernstein bears forget their manners\"\"?","favorite movies of all time include (but are not limited to), the big lebowski, red dawn, there will be blood, chariot's of fire and cold mountain.","according to pandora, i like major key tonality, accustic piano, prominent parts for the fiddle/accordian/steel-string, country influences, and mild rythmic syncopation. i prefer female vocalists to be soft and \"\"breathy\"\", while male vocalists should be bold and compelling. this is how you have someone who loves both patty griffith and neil diamond.","6b. belt that matches my shoes. i want to drive across all seven bay area bridges in the \"\"free direction\"\" (and only in the \"\"free direction\"\") in one single continuous trip. this would involve driving in really big circles for at least 12 hours straight.","i also spend a lot of time thinking about how to include the antioch bridge in the above scheme. but then i think \"\"no. that's just silly.\"\" on friday nights i paint my chest and put on spandex tights, knee-high vinyl boots and a cape. i then prowl around the greater bay area dispensing vigilante justice to ne'er do wells and miscreants. i have a man-crush on jude law. you know the answer to the ultimate question of life, the universe and everything.","i like to see people i care about as often as i can, but whether that translates to once a month or twice a week is fine. some people are busy, some aren't - live your life how you want to, and i'll be happy if we can do so together. i might really love spending time with you, but i'm not going to hold it against you if you're working on a 60-hour week. likewise, i don't want you to freak out if all of a sudden i have a lot of extra work &amp; we don't see each other as much for a while.","this is hilarious, btw - http://tinyurl.com/223fms-enneagram - it assigned me accurately, and the descriptions are (mostly) pretty solid.","p.s. i should apparently be somewhere between 6'4\"\" &amp; 6'6\"\" according to the okc's analysis of how people post height - but then i should be making \"\"$100k+\"\" as well, so what the hell. i'm in transition, changing career paths from database administration to data analysis, working on getting better qualified for consulting &amp; analyst positions. for now, my lackluster cover letters (or my terrible resume? no one really knows) have so far kept me cheerfully tuning queries &amp; tables instead.","the last movies i saw in a theater were mulholland drive (don't judge me, it was a retrospective), which i still find to be quite thought-provoking, and john carter, which i enjoyed largely because the 3d was excellent &amp; because i'm a long-time fan of edgar rice burroughs. it doesn't belong in 'films,' but i'm so exceedingly amused by the venture brothers series on adult swim that i'm putting it here anyway. i would date someone solely because they liked watching the venture brothers and futurama with me, although i don't know how long that would last (about seventy episodes, i guess).","(does anyone count these six things? message or im me if someone has ever corrected your seven-list, or grammar, or punctuation - i'm just curious, because i sometimes get the urge to fix someone's comma splices or obvious misspellings and malaprops, but then i think to myself that if it mattered to them, they'd run the spellchecker before submitting it, and then i'm just the fastidious idiot fussing over nothing). neurological functions (synapse repair &amp; proliferation, neurotransmitter pathways, how to make my brain work better &amp; smarter).","what i'm going to do with the rest of my life (what i want to do for money, where i want to be, physically &amp; otherwise, in 5 years, how to live in such a way that when i look back at 85 i'm happy with my choices).","now - or rather, not thinking about now, but being in it. swing dancing at a ballroom, or at a bar or a show with friends. i don't tend to drink much, but i tend to like hanging out with people who do (go figure), so it works out well enough anyway.","i admit (as you'll know, if you've read the foregoing), i'm not short of friends &amp; people i'm currently not sending postcards to or calling, so if we don't get along pretty well pretty quickly then it might not work out, but i reckon it's worth coffee or cocoa to find out.","also - please message me if you have any suggestions for books or music, either because you think i'd like them for some reason or because you think so highly of something that you reckon everyone should take a gander at it. double bonus if you can give a precis of content - in fact, i'd be really impressed. i'm still working on that for my own reference (helps me remember themes, details, outcomes).","it is a work in progress....   you are interested, curious, or want to meet a real nice guy. white\",74,20000,\"student 2012-06-28-11-58 redwood city, california  straight likes dogs and likes cats catholicism but not too serious about it m libra but it doesn&rsquo;t matter no english (fluently) single\" 34,\"curvy mostly anything rarely never graduated from college/university i'm easy going, i usually get along with everyone. i like to take my time to get to know people.","i like to make my friends laugh. i will do goofy things when i'm bored if it makes people laugh, but only in the right situation. i have a good sense of humor, i can appreciate a good joke and not get offended easily. i am a very serious person though. i have always been the responsible one in my family so sometimes its hard for me to relax around people i don't know well.","i don't drink often, it just makes me tired the next day and i don't do anything but lay in bed, i have too much to do, to just lay around all day. i don't smoke (420 either), i have allergies and i don't like being around it.","as far as movies i like comedies. i have enough drama with my family, i don't really like to watch the movies where people are fighting and stuff, i'd rather escape and laugh for an hour.","i enjoy good music and dancing. my smile and my curly hair. i enjoy a good action film such as transformers, contraband etc. i enjoy films such as hunger games, the help, this means war, horrible bosses,etc","respect what my next adventure will be. either out with fiends, visiting family or on the couch.  you like what you see and are a fun person who is kind and honest. \",64,-1,\" 2012-06-01-08-08 san francisco, california  straight   f  no english single\" 26,\"fit mostly vegetarian socially never graduated from college/university a swirl of words i identify with:","dancing like there's no one there, while there's someone there. i posed this question to my friends and they responded:","quiche, sushi (nigiri), cinnamon rolls, french toast, duck, indian food (naan is soo good) burritos, and those oreo ice-cream sandwiches (like crack!) zante's indian pizza","i like funk, pfunk, soul, italo, freestyle, house, techno, electro, classical, modern classical, pre-90's hip-hop, abstract hiphop, nu-disco, 80's french pop, noise genre","...get rich quick schemes so i don't have to work another day in my life so i could travel around the world and work on projects. at art murmur in oakland, at a friend's dance/music performance, splitting a bottle of champagne with a friend, or being reclusive while working on music i once had a mullet.","a person's brain / their mental disposition is the most attractive quality one can have; erudition 30+","you're sexually adventurous and communicative [read: you'd be bored with missionary and can talk about what you want]/ or ggg +15","...that's a lie. playing \"\"grabby-face\"\" with the cat. i find steve buscemi attractive you feel unusual white\",69,-1,\"other 2012-06-30-00-17 san rafael, california doesn&rsquo;t want kids straight has dogs and has cats other and laughing about it f libra and it&rsquo;s fun to think about no english (poorly) single\" 26,\"average strictly anything socially never graduated from masters program when i was little i dreamt of becoming a pizza delivery guy. sadly, my dream never came true and i became a software engineer instead.","another time i visited monaco and drove a lap of the monte carlo circuit. i didn't set any lap records, but to be fair, i was in a honda jazz and it was rush hour. making iphone and ipad apps at a startup in downtown sf. - mario kart","me, i hope judiasm will be something you and i can share together. every day i try to learn more, and be a better man of","specialized in water/hydro physical therapy for many years. i am a good listener and the type of person who will try my best to","moment faith, hope, spirit soul,water, food, sex, laughter life friday and saturdays are special days and i enjoy many of the","tennis, or take a road trip for an adventure!  ...you are not too shy to take the first step (i see this as a huge",". middle eastern\",69,-1,\" 2012-06-28-20-02 alameda, california doesn&rsquo;t have kids, but wants them straight has dogs judaism m virgo sometimes english, hebrew single\" 34,\"average mostly anything rarely never dropped out of college/university sorry about making you click on an empty profile.","ipso facto, if you are actually reading this that means that you might want a little insight into who i am or where i got that badass birthday mug.","i think it's pretty hard to get to know someone just by reading a few paragraphs they wrote about themselves (most likely after a few drinks). i firmly believe in the power of chemistry and the way certain people click and others just... don't. i'm merely suggesting you don't judge someone by these asinine profiles, that sometimes you need a real world meet up to find out they are asinine.","that being said, i'm honest, funny and creative. i'm intelligent, down to earth, a little sarcastic, and a hopeless romantic who doesn't think chivalry is dead. i will want to open the door for you, pull your chair out for you, and pick up the tab. deal with it.","it seems like everyone on here loves hiking and snowboarding and outdoor stuff. i'm not quite as into it as the next guy, but for good reason. (see below)","i started taking improv classes a while ago and i hope to be perfoming with a group by the end of the year.","oh, and i helped start a film production company and when my schedule permits, i help make stuffed animal music videos. yeah, you read that right. stuffed animal. music videos. you know you want to watch one... i can make a mean grilled cheese sandwich, i can probably make you laugh (i'm not above making a fool of myself), and i have this weird color thing where my converse all-stars have to match the rest of my clothes in some fashion (no pun intended).","i can probably name that movie or actor you can't remember, or the voice on that car commercial that you just... can't... place...","i have this odd talent of simplifing complex ideas to make them easier to understand. this means i can teach almost anyone almost anything (as long as i understand it)  i had this all filled out with specific books, shows, movies, etc, but really, isn't that what getting to know someone is about? i like a lot, and if it's well writen/acted/performed, and makes me feel feelings, i'll probably love it.","that being said, everything from stephen king to kurt vonnegut; from fight club to what dreams may come; from arrested development to lost; from the beatles to they might be giants; from enchiladas to a great burger. after reading other profiles here, i'm in agreement that this question is pretty much bullshit. other than the basics of life, there really isn't anything any of us could never do without.","maybe trying something new and interesting, or maybe just relaxing at home with a movie. i collect spores, molds and fungus.","seriously, here's a little nugget i've been inspired to share: i have a congenital heart condition that should have killed me twenty years ago and my doctors don't understand why i'm still alive. it's part of the reason i'm not really into hiking and other sporty/active stuff - i'd love to, but i literally can not do it. it's a cryin' shame, really. - you actually read this. gold star!!"," i'll agree with a lot of other women on this site: do not message me if you are just looking for a hook-up. have some self-respect, ladies.","i love sports, both playing (for fun), and watching (especially football, go ravens!). i rock climb, snowboard, and just recently tried surfing and love it. i like traveling and did a lot of it last year. i'm into music, especially live music. i play guitar. i read and i write when i can. i work in corporate strategy, meaning i work on projects to set the direction of the company and help it grow. it's pretty interesting and different project to project. writing - i had a short story published as part of a contest.","impressions / accents, i can pick them up well. i used to have a lot more hair so it was that. now people tell me when they first meet me that they find me really chill / laid back - so that. music - i consider myself a child of the 90s so i love my 90s alternative. also, phish, radiohead, jazz...","eyes game of thrones, true blood, law and order, all music  my future, traveling studying, hanging out with friends you will have to get to know me :-) you are looking for a relationship","single white\",63,-1,\"science / tech / engineering 2012-06-17-10-35 hercules, california doesn&rsquo;t have kids straight likes dogs  f sagittarius and it&rsquo;s fun to think about no english single\" 27,\"athletic   never graduated from masters program if you...","then i'm your guy. marketing at a biotech. and constantly scheming on the side. frying turkeys. no really, i'm damn good at it. i have awesome legs. and i'm told i look like mario lopez. is that a compliment? books: the 4 hour work week, the 4 hour body, anything by bukowski","music: my first cd was 'the best of diana ross and the supremes' --- been on a motown kick ever since","the question is: are we the one percent? for more than a decade i was a theoretical physicist, but left in search of something more intellectually engaging. now i do fundraising at a nonprofit. trying to save certain elements of the world, the parts worth saving. i like my job, and i am very, very good at it.","you like animals. (it's cool if you don't like scorpions. i wish them no harm but prefer to maintain a certain distance.)","your favorite thinkers do not include ayn rand, khalil gibran, ronald reagan, che guevara, elizabeth gilbert, naomi klein, bernard-henri levy, tom friedman, david brooks, maureen dowd, dr. phil, deepak chopra, malcolm gladwell, maya angelou, or noam chomsky.","but we know none of this matters. you'll just go for some emotionally distant hipster dude with a cool beard who plays video games on his atari 2600 all day. asian\",71,50000,\"other 2012-06-29-14-17 oakland, california doesn&rsquo;t have kids straight likes dogs and has cats atheism and laughing about it m gemini but it doesn&rsquo;t matter no english (fluently), latin (poorly), chinese (okay), c++ (poorly) single\" 26,\"    graduated from college/university hot.. hi, i mean hi.","so, i'm not persian. i don't know how i came out looking like this. i'm french and black irish. its a fun observation and also odd that so many people stop to ask. its an interesting subject, the mixing of humanity's various races. i am actually pretty good at disecting a face to its origins, including the migration patterns that brought them there. i like to think about how things start.","i like to have fun like most other guys on this website. enjoy drinks, working, being creative, eating animals (wait, should there be a coma there?) superbly happy go lucky, intelligent, can carry a real conversation, not just what i did today... the only unfortunate thing is the frustration i get when dealing with negative people. i'm working on it, but if you go through life only looking at bad parts you're headed towards a swell of unhappiness","i'm a regular man's man who gets perked up over guy things, fast cars, country, building things. i do have a soft side that usually comes out when somebody needs emotional help, emotional or pyschological, whatever you want to call it.","i'm also a golden retriever. i work at a college as a janitor. i'm smarter then everyone there. sometimes i'll see an equation written on the board, and i'll just finish it. my best friend is ben affleck.","i run a fax to email transcription service. there is a group of ederly people who adopted the technology of fax machines, but never jumped on board for email. whenever they need to email someone they fax me the letter, i scan it, digitize it, email it, recieve the reply email, print it out, and scan it back to the old bags.","people tell me that it's reassuring to talk to me when they have a problem. i'm a geek. i'm reserved. i'm kind. i've been told that my eyes are my best feature. the diamond age, the once and future king, internetworking with tcp/ip, 1984;","pizza (i know it's not actually food, but i can't help myself), indian, red beans and rice (the beans have to be cooked for soooo long, until they disintegrate), friends","well my roommate just told me that when he first met me i was very sociable, friendly, interested and engaging. favorite books: s.m. stirling's novels of the change (emberverse), stephen king's series \"\"the dark tower\"\", other cross-genre novels as well.","movies: memento, american history x, the avengers, crank, across the universe, surf ninjas, moulin rouge, departed, i cannot say that i do not like some disney movies classics or not.. (and disney pixar, and dreamworks) and many many more..... oh tremors, critters, gremlins... hahah","t.v.: doctor who, stargate (sg1+sgu)(atlantis is alright), breaking bad, supernatural (jump the shark much?), firefly, how i met your mother, avatar, family guy, cleveland show.. i don't know there are too many...","music: i grew up on the red hot chili peppers and sublime, also enjoy rancid, operation ivy, rage against the machine... though i really love almost all forms of music.. carlos santana, pendulum, gym class heros, etc. etc. random bits of everything","i don't know any single reason that you coul come up with in your mind to message me, then do... white\",71,-1,\"other 2012-06-27-23-21 san francisco, california doesn&rsquo;t have kids, but might want them straight likes dogs and likes cats agnosticism m taurus and it&rsquo;s fun to think about sometimes english (fluently), spanish (poorly) single\" 40,\"average  socially  graduated from college/university i am mature most of the time. i think you need to be peter pan a little. i am secure in my work and my life. yet i can be stupid and funny, sing with me in the car.","i like to travel (when money permits), going out to dinner, cooking dinner, a good bottle of wine, books, movies and just sitting at a bar with friends.","i am a romantic and also love to be at home with some one special. i can explain who i am in just words. you will have to hang out with me.","i am looking for a woman who is true to herself and has her life under some sort of control. understanding no one ever has life fully under control.","outdoors friends, family, my dog and if i am doing what i love most... with friends, doing a spa night or on a weekend away in no. cal. you'll have to get to know me to find out. : )  white\",66,-1,\"executive / management 2012-05-10-21-31 san francisco, california  straight has dogs christianity but not too serious about it f pisces and it&rsquo;s fun to think about no english single\" 31,\"athletic mostly anything socially never graduated from college/university hey,","i am very independent and confident, and an unapologetic feminist. i have traveled quite a bit and learned that there are many good ways to live one's life (my obsession with serial killers notwithstanding). i believe that a little personal hypocrisy keeps us human. my bullshit tolerance is low and i don't call movies \"\"films.\"\"","i admire creativity in others and i'm always looking for inspiration to cultivate my own creative impulses. therefore, i love to learn (especially about cultures and religions) and try new things (especially foods). i believe in adding as much color to life as possible! and i always go all out for halloween. i'm figuring out if my dedication to equal justice for all is pulling me toward civil services or indigent criminal defense. this all means i'll soon be a lawyer. self-loathing imminent.","ever-sanguine about my future financial situation, i traveled to south america this winter and am currently planning an eastern european extravaganza at the end of the summer after i take the dreaded and demoralizing california bar exam.","i try to perform one random act of sticking-it-to-the-man a day. appreciating situational humor, looking for the best in people, puns. i can often be found in places where it seems i don't belong, whether i'm bringing down the average age of bingo players at a rural vfw to 40 or watching my friend's heavy metal band as the only patron wearing color.  lakes and boats"," my extensive vintage jewelry collection -- i need something jangling and likely tacky on my wrist in order to feel whole."," accidental human theater. i find people endlessly entertaining and take a very active interest in those around me. that old, unattributed adage -- \"\"great people talk about ideas. average people talk about things. small people talk about other people.\"\" -- so untrue, and not least because i'm 5'10''. gender equality, the first amendment, recreational space travel, and where to next add a stamp to my (regrettably earthbound) passport.","i have an innate need to be reading something at all times while indoors. in moments of desperation while brushing my teeth, i peruse the backs of shampoo bottles. you are actually going to compose an individualized message instead of a prefabricated one. you're smart -- street or book, either works for me. i dig the self-deprecating, hirsute-with-a-conscience type.","i like hearing from people and figuring out what san francisco is all about, so i welcome your take on the city by the bay. white\",70,-1,\"student 2012-06-29-13-05 san francisco, california  straight   f aquarius no english, spanish single\" 33,\"thin anything not at all never dropped out of college/university i am curious and inquisitive about the world, so i take every","opportunity to learn from it. i am interested in world affairs, world history, linguistics, and science.","i like surprises in the world like this and amusing things like this.","for women with allergies, i have two cats. i am always looking for and buying food that i know nothing about, learning about it and experimenting with it. i will eat almost anything, not for the shock factor, but for the experience.","outside of work, i am active in politics and pay a lot of attention to world events. i'm not into electoral politics. i don't vote against my interests by supporting a lesser evil. i view fair trade as a hoax and free trade as a cynical lie. i am interested in the struggles for women's rights, black rights, and immigrant rights, among other struggles against oppression.","i get around without a car (walking, public transportation), but not for ideological reasons. it can be a hassle, but it saves money. cooking. friends, family, and co-workers say they really enjoy the food i cook. recent favorites: chicken stew with mulokhia, ghormeh sabzi with lamb, and chicken adobo.  i enjoy too many things to have favorites. there are, though, things i like.","the writer shalom auslander (author of beware of god, a foreskin's lament, and hope: a tragedy) makes me laugh uproariously.","from flannery o'connor to henry phillips, from des bishop to w. kamau bell, i read or listen to a wide range of humor and comedy.","my favorite political commentators with whom i do not share a common worldview are glen ford, christine ahn, and glenn greenwald.","i listen to a broad range of music, both traditional and modern. i have been recommending the music of aloe blacc to everyone. i like the beauty of a song like excuses by the morning benders. lyrically and musically, i really like the travelers (about the middle passage and slavery in the u.s.) by brother ali.","while at work, i listen to too many podcasts to name, but some general categories are: news from around the world, history lectures, comedy, and sex ed for adults. ginger is on that list. the other things are similar to or the same as every other person's list. the world (society, history), food, and comedy. usually relaxing, reading, cooking, or hanging out with friends discussing history, politics, science, etc.  you are a woman who doesn't mind a partner who doesn't drink or do drugs.","you are not allergic to cats and can at least tolerate them. white\",68,-1,\"clerical / administrative 2012-06-28-22-11 oakland, california doesn&rsquo;t have kids, and doesn&rsquo;t want any straight has cats atheism m  no english, chinese (poorly) single\" 54,\"athletic mostly vegetarian rarely never  ok, i deleted all my questions - i like the 0% match - it has a zen-like quality to it.","right now, i'm looking for new friends to hang out with. some of my friends are very much like me and others are my complete opposite.","i tend to feel most comfortable with people who are creating something new: dancers, entrepreneurs, musicians, artists, writers, designers.","i'm one of those people who won't be satisfied until i've created something of lasting value. i've set a high bar. sometimes i fail. sometimes i pull it off. have worked solo and in a team.","favorite books tends towards fiction, science fiction, and philosophy. as far as novels, kundera, marquez, boll, murakami, egan, gibson, stephenson, borges, camus, hesse.","favorite movies tend towards languages that i don't speak, visionary imagery, and with ambiguous resolution. dreyer, eisenstein, bresson, renoir, malick, tarkovsky, parajanov, wong kar wai, kurosowa, ...","i am intelligent, passionate, and loyal an inordinant amount of studying mixed with equal amounts of adventure, thrills and debauchery. not peeing on the toilet seat, tying my shoes, urban combat operations, paying bills on time and watering my plants.","when it comes to music i like it all. the one artist you absolutely must know is city and colour....the album bring me your love is probably the best collection of songs by any one artist.....period.","i'm usually reading some sort of science text for school but in the offseason some of my favorites from the past include.... the god delusion, the fountainhead, a people's history of the united states, freakonomics, how doctors think and everyone poops.....so inspirational, changed my views on life.","the second thing you should know about me are my friends. after my daughter, they are hands down the best thing i've got going. they are an amazing group of people, really tied into the city and the world, and we are always up to something worth the effort.","the third thing you should know about me is that i am a wave rider. when i see a plan i like, when i'm possessed by a vision of how it could or should be, i can be single-mindedly inspired (and inspiring). i tend to go for it.","i should also mention that i'm not blasting out a bunch of emails. so if i contact you, i'm interested in you, and you'll find that i try to put a little thought into what i say. living it. loving it. taking care of my business. raising my daughter. having more fun than i could have imagined. i may be the luckiest guy i know.","you're out more than in, live life rather than watch it on t.v., can remember vividly the last time you were excited, and see possibility everywhere you look. you're two parts predictable, and one part wildcard. you are smart and well put together (as am i). something about my face speaks to you.","\"\"the most beautiful people we have known are those who have known defeat, known suffering, known struggle, known loss, and have found their way out of the depths. these persons have an appreciation, a sensitivity, and an understanding of life that fills them with compassion, gentleness, and a deep loving concern. beautiful people do not just happen.\"\" white\",70,100000,\"executive / management 2012-06-29-22-49 san francisco, california has a kid straight  atheism m  no english single\" 30,\"athletic strictly vegetarian socially never graduated from law school i'm geeky, athletic, and energetic.","best to give him the world. work and travel. i'm out of the country 2-4 times a month.... like i said; i travel a lot. if not for work, to get away from day-to-day life and explore. cooking.","twisting the norm into the inappropriate and kinky. sarcasm and a dirty mind. also, with only one beer, charmingly witty and comfortably confident. otherwise, quiet, calm, quirky, cute, and quintessentially normal. anything with words.... and dexter.","i especially love the original james bond novels, the aneid and odyssey, dante's inferno, the dexter books, random novels recommended and forgotten, and some more popular recent publications not to include the twilight or harry potter books.","also, why douchebags get good girls. either i'm a dad, or a passionate explorer with an undying love for everything new or different. i'll whisper it to you on bart. you are interested. i'm looking for both fun and friendship. see where life goes. i'm okay meeting those with poly/open relationships as i'm comfortable with that type of arrangement, though that would only be a friends with benefits scenario for me. otherwise, some friendship building towards play or more is fine with me.","i'm new to this online stuff so just learning to explore. white\",67,-1,\"other 2012-06-29-08-04 oakland, california  straight has dogs  m  no english (fluently) available\" 49,\"athletic  socially never graduated from college/university i find it a tad difficult to summarize myself.","anything by charles dickens, philip pullman, toni morrison, gabriel garcia marquez, the southern gothics - o'connor, capote, mccullers, welty, lee, annie proulx, neil gaiman, michael chabon, a.s. byatt, roald dahl, alan bennett, oscar wilde, jane eyre, the once and future king, ship fever, devil and the white city, life of pi, a prayer for owen meaney, and so many more. i'm just now reading the deptford trilogy by robertson davies, which i'm enjoying very much.","brazil, delicatessen, city of lost children, amelie, 7 faces of dr. lao, babe, pig in the city, the cabinet of dr. caligari, almost anything by jan svankmajer, far from heaven, spirited away, my neighbor totoro, gosford park, harold and maude, mon oncle, pan's labyrinth, naked lunch, the incredibles, the singing detective (t.v.), the tin drum, looney tunes and merry melodies, the silent film comedians - keaton, lloyd, chaplin, langdon, w.c. fields, popeye cartoons, super chicken, the rocky and bullwinkle show and many others.","music: punk rock from the 80's, they might be giants, sufjan stevens, the decemberists, music from the early part of the 20th century and so so much more.","i used to be a pesky pesca-ovo-lacto-atarian who liked most cuisines generally speaking, and was particularly fond of indian, mexican, chinese and ice cream. i am still the latter, but have recently become an omnivore. no, it wasn't bacon. in no particular order:","friends of how to make tomorrow better than yesterday and today... working.. joining this app... i'm a first timer on this kind of things... so be nice pls... ;) you want.. ;) asian, pacific islander\",68,-1,\" 2012-02-10-16-30 daly city, california  straight  christianity but not too serious about it m leo when drinking english single\" 24,\"fit  socially never working on college/university i love hiking, dancing, sports [baseball &amp; basketball] and being out in nature.","i moved to sf in october... i'm really excited to explore and figure out the city i'm at sfsu studying sociology and minoring in human sexuality","a hebrew teacher/nanny/ dr.'s assistant making mac &amp; cheese. how much i smile i love to read --- i've been really into the james patterson murder","i work in high tech/green tech. it doesn't suck. i also enjoy real estate as a hobby. i also like to volunteer and give back.","i'm kind of a jokester and i like to have fun. lived in marin since i was 5, went to school in chico, tried silicon valley, but wanted to buy a house, so moved back to marin.","been divorced 5 years and very active in my kids' lives and they make me smile every time i think of them.","so what am i looking for here? someone who has their stuff together - job, lives within her means, treads lightly - spiritually, physically, and emotionally. you keep your work in check. you are sweet, compassionate, caring, and we share chemistry. i usually know within the first 5 minutes of meeting. however, it's hard to put into words.","being an aries, i can have mood swings where i hunker down and get quiet. a good match can help ferret out what's ailing me. exercise helps. i can be stubborn at times. i can also be very dynamic also. i am not an alpha male type. i prefer smaller gatherings where i can connect with a few people as opposed to big parties. i still enjoy big parties - after all - i went to chico. i have been described as \"\"running a tight ship\"\", but i feel i'm raising respectful kids because of it.","just kidding. but seriously, i'm pretty good at a lot of stuff like volleyball, cycling, backpacking, motorcycling. my smile and i'm 6 foot and i'm pretty dashing. favorite books - remote controlled real estate, the alchemist, liar's poker, a lot of michael lewis books, creative visualization, bringing down the house, the bible.","favorite music - alo, jack johnson, blues traveler, chickenfoot, dmb, phish, donovan frankenreiter, johnny cash, van morrison, some oldies stuff like ac/dc, u2, etc.","favorite movies - supertroopers, gran torino, pulp fiction, dust to glory, the invention of lying, the great escape - steve mcqueen is such a stud. kids, bike, iphone, time outdoors, motorcycle, and you? installing solar on my house, rainwater collection systems, finishing up some nagging house projects.","if i'll ever see the green flash at sunset or make time to catch the sunset so i can see the green flash.","my bucket list: northern lights, racing the baja 1000, watching baseball in the dr, traveling with my kids, fly fishing in new zealand, climbing mt. kilmanjaro with my son, going back to baja on my motorcycle. chilling with my kids, or going out with friends. i'm pretty mantastic. seriously, i got nothing for you here - sorry. you do not have a bunch of cats - sorry, it just wouldn't work out.","i'm real nostalgic. i love traditions. i love reminiscing. i believe in helping others always and being charitable. being confident, having your shit together in your personal &amp; professional life, being compassionate and treating people with kindness is something that is non-negotiable when it comes to people i date. if you have kids, that would be actually kind of cool. but you gotta be the best dad ever - raising them in a positive loving way. support them 100% in everything they do. please, no crazy ex-wives that drain you dry, leaving you bitter as hell. that's just no fun.","my favorite foods are savory comfort foods, like soup. i don't drink much anymore, but i still cave when i'm craving a margarita or bubbly. pit bulls, something chanel, great shoes, my best friend, sunglasses, and a diet soda. family and friends that have passed away oh that would be movie night ","i rarely actually watch a tv feed. i'm all about netflix on which i 've enjoyed: transformers prime (so awesome!), the walking dead, primeval, torchwood, skins uk and us, being human us and uk, i.t., weeds, carnivalle, breaking bad, life. and the list goes on.....","once you get to know me i think you'll find that i'm a very down to earth person, low maintenance, no games, no unnecessary drama. laughter is my drug of choice and the beach is my church. if you're the type who can let loose and have fun, we'll get along great!! if we connect through musical tastes, awwww yeah! not too cool or shy to get on the dance floor, fabulous!","i actually eat very healthy, but i do have my moments. i was vegetarian for about a year and decided, life isn't worth living without bacon and hot links. i mean really! (in moderation of course) i love to try different foods and especially love thai, indian, sushi and soul food.... anything spicy. if i'm not crying or sniffling it's not good :)","i enjoy going to see live music, plays, dance and comedy shows. all fantastic. i also enjoy reading and am forever trying to finish a book. netflix, is just heavenly.","my ipod: coldplay, earth, wind and fire, erykah badu, concha buika, tribe called quest, adalberto alvarez, spanish &amp; portguese lessons, djavan, cnn news, ludacris, maroon five......... - my family and good friends goes without saying"," a new challenge/learning how to live life without any regrets and why i have such a bad sweet tooth. tired from a very busy week, but it really depends on how i feel and what is going on. on average i go out a couple of times a week, mostly on weekends. some weeks are crazy for me and i don't go out at all. i will typically do dinner or drinks. i don't like to be a regular fixture at any one place. if a concert is happening i like to check out whoever is in town. comedy or a movie is always good. sometimes i'll check out a lecture, dance performance or an art exhibit i'm interested in.","along with working and holding down the fort i'm not happy unless i'm having fun and am physically fit. so i focus on doing things that accomplish those two goals...currently into swimming and weights, hiking. i am a decent tennis player. i went to a fair number of concerts this last year and want to do the same in 2012 ( so far have been doing just that).","i am looking for a woman who knows her beauty and intelligence, who strives, has integrity, knows how to have fun, really cares about those around her, and enjoys open in-depth communication. is this you? are you independent, while loyal? are love and life's subtleties important to you? are you abundant, witty, seductive, a romantic at heart, quick to smile, giving, adventurous? you enjoy the city and the outdoors? you have much to teach and share, and are not afraid of challenges?","if so, i'd love to hear from you. drop me a line, or a wink if you'd like to chat. i barely bite. enjoying new pursuits including working out with a personal trainer, scuba diving, steadily checking off the ny times 1000 best movies, and new marketing for my business.","just got back from nine days in cabo san lucas. being a good friend, working with my hands, giving solid advice, being a task master, most sports (i pick up things pretty quickly), and explaining history and its meaning to people. blue eyes, big hands, big smile, my warmth, and my being down to earth. movies - cinema paridiso, el postino, i love watching movies and documentaries","http://vimeo.com/13888708  the meaning of life; ideas, things and places to explore; new fun things to do; politics; improving my business; . . . out at a show or night club, dancing, home sometimes watching a movie, or some other adventure. not so private, but little known about me is that i spent the first 5 years of my life in brazil. (my kid profile pic is from brazil)","i enjoy being moved by a great drama, and even tearing up watching great scenes and moving show, movies. . . . you want to explore, learn, grow, and experience great fun and laughter.","i'll eat almost anywhere once, but sushi, chinese, russian and good home cooking are my favorites. my car","appetite for more out of life life and how to live it outside, or crashing on the couch after a long day watching a movie  you want to white\",71,-1,\"sales / marketing / biz dev 2012-01-06-20-35 orinda, california  straight   m   english single\" 29,\"athletic mostly anything socially  graduated from college/university single and ready to mingle.. workin 2 hard..","help me out :) being good at.. never asked anybody that question.. i guess i really dont give a f... superman.. batman.. hardy boys.. asterix and obelix.. phantom.. heart of darkness... the great gatsby.. nobody's child","power of one.. lawrence of arabia (anything by lean)... seven times seven (great movie from the 60s).. supertroopers.. oldskool... aab tak chappan.. inception.. dumb and dumber.. memento.. apocalypse now..","dexter.. the wire.. weeds.. entourage. californication.. the league.. white collar.. game of thrones.. eastbound and down.. 24.. mad men..","i am funny, compassionate, and understanding i'm currently teaching spanish at a catholic high school in the bay area. i love being in the classroom, particularly with high school-age students. they bring out the best in me. dancing, cooking, listening. my hair, my hand gestures and my tendency to hug. a)books: wuthering heights; letters to a young poet;the bridge of san luis rey","c)music:in spanish:timbiriche, christian castro, luis miguel, olga tanon; rocio durcal; in english: billy joel, neil diamond, madonnak, james taylor,","personally and spiritually, i am a giving person. i always look for opportunities to connect people to people or resources. i learned years ago that money is not the only medium of exchange in life. i am kind, honest, loving and resourceful. i stick my neck out for people who i think highly of, and often for those i barely know. that is my calling card.","i was formerly an executive at a few different investment firms in sf. i left to get a life. now i'm back in the financial world on a smaller scale giving practical advice to those who need and sometimes appreciate it.","a recent acquaintance called me \"\"blonde jedi.\"\" that feels about right. i'll own it. yet i am equal parts smarty-pants and gullible idealist.","i usually get the guy, not because i'm \"\"all that\"\" but because i have confidence and i genuinely like men. i have a modicum of charm and wit, and i love when men find this attractive, esp. if you have these qualities in abundance. (btw, i am hoping you have these in abundance, and a wicked sense of humor. that is soooooo sexy.) i love it when men know 20 fun things to do that don't require a cent. i so admire ingenuity. i equally enjoy *high brow*~","having quality relationships is the priority for me at this point in my life. i am tactful, but no shy violet. you can count on the conversation being playful, and on my teasing you about whatever seems to get your goat. i prefer to be dating an extroverted communicator type of guy.","my best job and best decision so far was to have my daughter. she is my raison d'etre. but i definitely have room for more raison d'etres. total bonus if you are kind to children and they actually like you.","next to read: michael crichton's next. new yorker or economist if i'm feeling especially pretentious. my lifestyle is more conducive to articles than books. not that i'm add, i just have to switch gears often.","food: barlata for tapas in the temescal district, rivoli on solano, any authentic asian food (china village in north berkeley).","hotel costes mixes, mike dooley inspirational talks &amp; u2 are currently playing in my car. everyone here likes arcade fire, and i do, too. it's not just any band that can incorporate an autoharp and make it great. my love of music is entensive, yet if we connect, i doubt that this will be the primary thing we have in common. my girl's angelic face when she's asleep","meyer lemons - i lovvvvve meyer lemons. seriously, love them. -how to leverage my time to spend more with my daughter.","how to spend huge lottery winnings down the road (move to lake como, stalk george clooney, or perhaps just polish his 1950's chris-craft as a stable-girl)","you're under age 52 or have other children, a) so you understand about kids, and b) so you are going to be around for a while","if you can handle a woman who's part gloria steinem feminist and part sexpot, like the \"\"sweet/smart\"\" version of anna nicole if she were ever sober ( or smart)","if you think i'm an arrogant brat (you wouldn't be the first) who might need a modest amount of discipline","the majority of these self-summaries i've read are simply outlines of the events of the user's life, which i tend to find rather boring. instead i will attempt to expound upon a far more relevant topic, the personality itself. alas, describing one's own personality is dangerous territory, so please forgive me in advance for the admissions to follow.","first and foremost, i am honest and direct - even to a fault. i am often caught making comments or observations that others would typically keep to themselves. i believe my perceptions are so apt that i can't bear not sharing them. do not confuse this with tactlessness, i am quite civil. especially when becoming acquainted with someone new, i am a perfect gentleman. however, those who know me best have confirmed, the naked truths i leak are consistently nuggets of wisdom.","secondly, i am a very well-distributed person. i am knowledgeable, worldly, and i enjoy a wide variety of interests. a 'jack-of-all-trades' if you would, i can usually find some common ground with anyone i meet. i enjoy being abreast of a variety of disciplines, from economics and industry, to food and beverages, to art and philosophy. truly, few subjects escape my interest entirely. i challenge us to share a conversation which does not contain a span during which we are both bubbling with discourse.","additionally, i consider myself to be empathetic. i am observationally sensitive to individuals, and well-attuned to those close to me. understandably, i can be both accommodating to these nuances, or sometimes entirely obdurate. my demeanor is often directly influenced by the people around me. surrounded by good friends i become the life of the party; stories, jokes, and general merriment ensue. conversely, when alone i tend to be much more quiet and reserved, shy even.","hopefully this has been an enlightening account for you, dear reader. if you are the slightest bit intrigued by the character described herein, i suggest you send along a message in the interest of fresh associations and potential relations to follow!","despite what my handle may have you believe, i am neither an alcoholic nor obsessed with sex. i've not once had erectile dysfunction caused by the consumption of alcohol. the name is simply intended to be humorous and memorable, not an indication of my personality. thank you for reading.","i am vivacious, virulent, and volatile working one of my two jobs, or enjoying what life has to offer.","what are you, my mother? go make me a sammich! observation.","making sammiches! you never saw it coming. i'm a jew. very, very jewish. as if the media i align myself with could possibly encapsulate my personality. besides, if i put the complete lists here, what would we have to talk about?","i heart sammiches. bread, mustard, turkey, lettuce, onions, pickles, peppers, tomatoes, mayonaise, bread. why i feel so lonely, even when i'm surrounded by my friends and their sammiches. working my other job. no, it has nothing to do with sammiches. surprise! use your imagination. or just ask me, i'm generally rather responsive to questioning.","you want my secrets? try bribing me with a sammich! you like to make sammiches, you like to eat sammiches, you want me to make you a sammich, or you think you could make me a sammich.","also, if you're capable of dismissing this goofy profile and interested in actually having a live discussion on relevant topics such as the text i could have put here, or better yet something meaningful. that's right! this profile is only here to lure your into having a real conversation with me. sorry to shatter your expectations, though i assure you i am much more entertaining in real time.","**second update: let's make this interesting. alex doesn't know i'm doing this, but here's his number 415-735-5331....so call him maybe.","two dudes that are smart as fuck and cool as shit. we all know what it's like to roll solo, but life is much better with an ultra legit wingman.","one is a technical consultant from ny who has mastered hula hoops, avocado selection, and motorcycle racing.","the other is an italian stallion/bay area native with an affinity for fine wine, home cooking, and impressing moms. trying to find extra space in our room to do activities. lying about how we met. \"\"i'm 6'5\"\", 220, and there's two of me.\"\"   how to navigate salesforce.com crm for our okcupid contacts. trending on twitter. #2dudes1profile we might have bunk beds. you're smoking hot, have at least one friend*, and you're looking to go on an epic double date.","i am creative, adventurous, and will make you laugh in my master plan, i'm currently in phase 2 which involves working at a large online media company to deepen my experience and contacts in its specific area, all while devoting as much time to the joy of raising 3 amazing kids.","movies: the epics are great like lord of the rings and braveheart. i love the mindbenders like run lola run, the game, and memento. always good for comedy and quirky like caddyshack, south park, brazil, anything by monty python or pixar.","those of you who wish to contact me, i have only one request, please have a profile picture of \"\"you\"\" that clearly displays your facial features. you wouldn't like any surprises on a first and neither would i.","i am determined, optimistic, and achiever im trying to be as successful as possible without killing myself doing all of this. i have a really good city job for the city of san francisco where i work and this has been my goal for sometime now. this is needless to say but ultimately what i have been waiting for for a while. well im glad to report i have succesfully gotten hired with the city and county of san francisco since i have first built my profile. fishing all day","boating all day","riding streetbikes all day","love to work on cars all day","helping people all day","just being myself....... all day my face,eyes and style. also my humor i love seafood all sorts. not much of a book reader..and i love all funny movies, superbad jim careys,animal house,hotrod ya know! my mom","what im going to think about next! cooking for myself or going out to my favirote place to eat, on the phone with friends, a.k.a. trying to find something productive to get into on friday. or when all else fails ill take my streetbike out.. gsxr baby!!!","so if you suck i can tell. start-up/social games company. writing; violin; badinage. that i have 'bieber bangs'; eff that kid and zac efron--i had this swag on lock way beforehand. books: the sonnets, twilight of the idols, rameau's nephew, the history of sexuality","movies: la dolce vita, la strada, singing in the rain, barry lyndon, chungking express, the shining, angels with dirty faces","(feel free to skip over the section on books, films, food, etc. or any other section for that matter)","generally speaking, i am very content with myself and my life, yet i miss that special magic that two people can create together; and i really miss sharing the journey through life, and all the little and big ways that a relationship adds to my life.","on first dates, i'm often told that i'm really easy to talk with and very easy to be with. i suppose this is largely because i've grown quite comfortable with myself and who i am. i've worked on myself a lot for over 3 decades, and, while still/always a work-in-progress, i've come a long way in myself and in my life. i'm happy and i enjoy life. also, i have a lot of interests, i listen well and converse easily. i'm very curious about people and mostly non-judgmental.","those that know me describe me as very kind, feminine, extremely sweet, soft yet strong, gentle and firm, very present, calm, grounded, compassionate, lively, passionate, insightful, relaxed, very affectionate, interesting, super bright, curious, funny, multi-talented and creative, nurturing, generous, fun, and spontaneous...... though usually not all in the same sentence. i'm intense at times, but in a good way.","men often ask me how it's possible that i'm unattached. those that know me really well would add that i'm wise, exceptionally sensitive, intuitive, and a bit of a sprite. you'll know i'm comfortable with you when you get to experience the sprite in me. :)","i have a huge heart and love full out. hopefully, you do too. that's where the 2heartsdelight happens. you'd need to be ok with being loved completely.","i have a very curious mind. i ask a lot of questions- not all of them aloud. i'm told i ask great questions.","and, i don't have a need to always have conversation in the company of another. i'm fine with just being especially once we know each other a bit and are comfortable with each other.","i'm a long time student (over 23 years) of the diamond approach in the ridhwan school and also of yoga.","i live on the edge or beyond the edge of my comfort zone most of the time: my soul is on some sort of fast track. the rate of growth/transformation can be quite rapid; it's kind of out of my hands. i don't expect you to be like me in this regard, but you should know and understand this and be ok with it. i am not your average bear.","i am an independent thinker and think waaaay outside the box. visionary, creative, progressive,.....you get the idea.","my life is very full and fairly well-balanced; and i have plenty of time for the right man. in fact, it's a high priority for me to make time for a great man and create a great relationship together.","my spiritual life is quite significant, but the form is not rigid. i'm happier hiking, gardening, singing kirtan and bhajans, or going to a yoga class (all of those are spiritual for me) than going to church or temple although i can enjoy that too on occasion. my orientation to life is spiritual, has been my entire life and is well-integrated into my being so it's not critical for me to do spiritual things.","i'm quite self-sufficient, but much prefer partnership. i've gone from being super-competent, ultra-independent, feminist, do-everything-myself to being able to kindly ask for help, graciously accept it when it's offered, and be a feminine participant in the relationship. i'm very generous with the many feminine skills i possess. an ideal relationship for me has lots of mutual lavishing. interesting how when there's a lot of lavishing, there are very few issues....... :)","i know how to really accept another unconditionally and appreciate another fully. our chances for a really harmonious relationship increase tremendously if the same is true for you.","while having shared interests is nice, what is more important to me in a partner are kindness, self-acceptance, passion, respect, devotion to the relationship, personal responsibility, generosity, humor, lightness, fun, passion, honesty and openness. i offer all of these too.","i'm really comfortable with my sexuality as well as my libido. i'm also super affectionate and am extremely cuddly. if you are too, this could be delightful.","i'm active physically, love to hike, skate, walk, x/c ski, downhill too, snowshoe, swim, snorkel, love to dance- pretty much any kind of dance. if you'd be willing to take partner dance lessons, i'd be thrilled!","i don't do any intense gym workouts, rock climb or do xtreme sports. and i'm not interested in competition.","i also enjoy quiet indoor time reading, writing, movies, sitting in front of the fire, and hanging out together, doing domestic stuff, cooking together, baking alone or together.","i'm told that although i'm quite mature, i have a youthfulness and appearance younger than my years. for this reason (and a few others), i stated my age 3 years younger than actual. people usually don't believe me when i tell them my age. really.","wrt the okc enneagram test, i am an unconventional 9 with an 8 wing; i am not an 8. i'd especially love to hear from men who are well-integrated 6s.","i appreciate that it's a lot to read, but i find it saves us both a lot of time if we're really clear, self-revealing and specific. being","entrepreneur, healer, teacher, writer, artist, half-time parent of an 18 year old (she's leaving at the end of summer).","gardening, home repair, etc. (i welcome help/company in these activities! i suck at home repair tasks b/c i have no idea what to do and no skill/experience.).","doing my part to make the world a better place, being the change i want to see in the world, helping others to experience greater freedom, a greater sense of their soul's purpose, and greater fulfillment, joy and ease. the stuff in the previous section","relationships. being authentic, individuated, and expressive. communicating constructively, compassionately and effectively. enjoying, appreciating, giving and receiving. relaxing into whatever arises. allowing it to unfold on it's own (ok, i'm not actually good at allowing the unfolding all of the time..... yet, but i'm steadfast in practicing allowing it).","synthesizing seemingly disparate concepts and info. and explaining complex concepts in simple terms.","i very reluctantly admit to being a great cook b/c i don't cook that much anymore. however, i bake grain-free, sugar-free, gluten-free stuff that is seriously delicious and quite healthy. my warm eyes, my smile, or my long legs if i'm wearing a dress or skirt; and that i look way better in person than in my photos .","classy, sexy, and very very sweet.....men comment on my sweetness a lot! i guess i'm waaay sweeter than the average gal. and it's really genuine. books:","anything by anita shreve, annie proulx, alice hoffman, ann patchett, ursula hegi, wally lamb, janet fitch, ann lamott, and","all kinds of ethnic cuisines; i'm very adventurous with food: i love a great dive as much as fine dining, and i'm improvisational in the kitchen. i love cooking together.","gluten-free mac 'n cheese is probably my favorite food; my new fave is to add truffle oil: sublime!!!","after decades of cooking for others, if you cook for me, i'll probably be thrilled so long as it's not burnt; i'm a very appreciative audience! heck, i'll even wash the dishes.","quiet unstructured time, time to read, write, and allow myself time and space to contemplate. inspiration, silence, my connection with the divine, flow, creativity","my business, what it means to me to be a soulpreneur, how to work ever smarter-not-harder, how to be of even greater service, how to get more done while being in a state of flow, wondering if there's a way to set goals w/o my ego co-opting it, sacred commerce (business as a spiritual enterprise)........","wondering when i'm gonna meet a man who's a really good fit for me and has the capacity for a truly amazing partnership. netflix'g","although it's immediately obvious that i'm a strong person, i have a huge heart and i'm really just a big softie.","you have excellent relationship skills, great self-acceptance, self-awareness and a huge heart. you're happy, kind, compassionate and generous. your life works pretty well. you make an awesome ally, friend, and partner.","if you're ready for an amazing harmonious partnership and i sound like just what you've been hoping for.","i'm flexible about the age range i selected provided you're mature and youthful, healthy and active, and take good care of yourself.","***please don't waste your time or mine if you aren't what i've asked for or if i'm not what you're looking for regardless of how captivating you find my cleavage.","***please choose someone else if you have trouble receiving love or loving in a substantial way or if you tend to withdraw.","***and please understand that i'm looking for someone local so if you live outside the bay area or in another state, i wish you the best. white\",68,-1,\"other 2012-06-28-14-39 san rafael, california has a kid, but doesn&rsquo;t want more straight likes dogs and has cats other but not too serious about it f virgo but it doesn&rsquo;t matter no english single\" 59,\"average anything socially never graduated from college/university hopefulromantic was taken and 2hopefulromantic was too long... lost the \"\"c\"\". oh well ...","where do i start. okay, i am a simple human being, yet with a deep soul, who has a heart of gold and who believes in fairy tales. however, i also believe that the pillars of any successful relationship are understanding, loyalty, honesty, compromise, the will to make things work, communication and respect. i believe in fate too and that people meet for a purpose of higher nature and that there is a reason for everything.","good luck in your search. im sure you will meet someone who fits you) do masters degree with concentration in integrated marketing communications, painiting/doing graphic design, go out regulary, go to tahoe almost every week, play soccer twice a week, hang out with friends almost everything! especially snowboarding, skateboarding, soccer  i like to read things like \"\"hot, flat and crowded\"\" by thomas friedman."]
